                        




An SCP-4074-2 specimen. The  is falsely colored.



Item #:  SCP-4074

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All specimens of SCP-4074-2 are to be contained in the Botanical Section on Site-31. Access to each specimen is limited to Level 3 and above personnel, and is strictly for research purposes only.

Currently, SCP-4074-1 is being contained in the onsite infirmary ICU for anomalous humanoids. As soon as subject is physically and mentally fit or an interview, any qualified personnel in the immediate vicinity is authorized to begin interrogating the subject.

Update: On 5/11/18, subject has ceased all life functions. On Dr. Evalo’s approved request, the cadaver of SCP-4074-1 is to be sent to his department for his ongoing research regarding anomalous humanoids.

Description:  SCP-4074-2 is an anomalous plant, superficially and genetically similar to Phalaenopsis blume. Aside from its unusual growth rate1, the specimen’s significant anomalous properties manifests when it enters its reproductive cycle.

Approximately two weeks after its bud has developed, a glowing revolving gas, closely resembling that of a miniature nebula, will grow around the bud whose diameter and luminosity will grow exponentially, relative to the growth of the bud. Test results shows that the gas is composed of helium and hydrogen2.



SCP-4074-2, five seconds after the collapse of its .



Approximately two weeks after its initial appearance, the gas, which usually have an average maximum diameter and luminosity of 35lm, respectively.

The orb will emit a steady output of light and heat for seven to ten days before it will begin to steadily and completely decrease both in output and activity, leaving behind a spherical pod of the same diameter. When pried open, the pod will always contain three 1.2cm sized seeds that when planted will grow into another instance of SCP-4074-2.

Research in imitating the specimen’s  to create a cheap and alternative biologically-based light source is currently underway. Qualified researchers may submit an application to Dr. Leara.

SCP-4074-1 is an emaciated Caucasian male, 1.75.)
Addendum/History: 

OpenFile

CloseFile


On 6/1/18, local news about a cut-down tree bleeding blood was detected during a standard Foundation information sweep. After a sample taken by an agent confirmed that the blood was indeed human in origin, the tree was quarantined with the cover story that the blood coloration was actually a mutated tree sap that could possibly be toxic. Foundation manufactured sample were given to the local biologists to avoid suspicion. After test results showed mild toxicity, Foundation agents, disguised as international biologist and botanists were given permission to remove all traces of the tree. Upon excavation of the stump, a thicker root was discovered to be originating from a hand of an unconscious SCP-4074-1 who was contained in a cement casing 1.83 x 0.46 x 0.61m, with his right hand protruding outside of the casing3. When subject was confirmed to be still living, SCP-4074-1, after receiving authorization from HQ, was safely extracted and discreetly rushed to the nearest Foundation site.



Addendum/ICU Incident: 

OpenFile

CloseFile


Further investigation of the subject revealed that all of its orifices were surgically sewn shut. The tree6 the following words,

GIVE IT TO ME!

I NEED TO GIVE IT TO THEM!

SWALLOWED IT UP TO HIDE IT!

GIVE IT BACK!

Immediately after a few minutes of struggling and screaming in its restraints, subject started to violently convulse and became unconscious. Subject has shown no signs or consciousness ever since.



Addendum/OOI: 

OpenFile

CloseFile


The object acquired from the subject's stomach was discovered to be two rolled up envelopes, encased in plastic designated as OOI (Object of Interest) 1 (external) and 2 (internal).

OOI 1 

As OOI 1 was more exposed to the subject's stomach fluids, it has suffered significantly more damage compared to OOI 2 which was located in the interior of the roll.

The content of the letter is transcribed below.



Note:  Due to the damages sustained by the letter, some characters are either missing or illegible. The legible letters are transcribed as it is located on the letter.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Helloe to your party.

I kny because I have a surprise for you.

Remembeu’ll just have to wait and see.

Dadou.

Why? Beprecious little sunshine.

I lopy birthday!”
附加记录：    

OOI 2 

OOI 2 is a small slightly damaged brown envelope containing a letter, which was undamaged, and 3 seeds of SCP-4074-2 contained within a small plastic pouch.

The content of the letter is transcribed below.



I’m sorry.

I know that it is not enough but I truly am sorry.

I love you,

I love both of you, and I know this is not the life that I promised you.

I needed to leave because THEY were getting close and that would have put you both in danger.

If you're tired of hiding and running, I'll understand if you leave. You deserve a better man.

But please, PLEASE, don't hide her from me. Don't make her hate me.

This world is dark and cruel but somehow, with her, it's a little bit brighter and warmer.

Please, don't take my little sunshine away.
附加记录：    




Footnotes
1. SCP-4074-2 grows twice as fast compared to its normal species counterpart.
2. Why the gases glow and is unaffected by gravity is still unknown.
3. The group/organization responsible for encasing the subject is still unknown. The case itself is normal and no signs or marks that can be used to identify its source is visible.
4. Despite the tree's size, its growth rings suggest that it is only four years old.
5. Exactly how these process worked is still unclear.
6. At the expense of lacerating the subject's lips.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sun
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 18:07
            
            Edit
+25)
Tags
Discuss (12)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            iRacing.com Wiki
                      
              Your one-stop-shop for all iRacing setup help and knowledge.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Pagan Michigan
                      
              News and Networking for the Pagan Community of Michigan
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SMLT Container
                      
              The SCP Sandbox by Nerds for Nerds.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot - Free and Pro Wiki Hosting
                      
              your place on the web
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

