                        



Item #:  SCP-4050

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Regulations have been set in place by the administration of Helena, Kansas which forbid any body of water exceeding 10m in depth. In the event any body of water in Helena exceeds this depth, the water is to be drained. Witnesses of SCP-4050-1 are to be administered Class-A amnestics.

Site-177 has been established on the outskirts of Helena, serving as a water treatment facility as well as a Foundation containment site for various Euclid class anomalies. Within Site-177 is a large empty container which is 10m in depth. Personnel are not to interact with this container without permission from the current Site-177 director.

Description:  SCP-4050 is the town of Helena, Kansas. According to official town records, SCP-4050 was founded in 1868 when Florence C.N James constructed a home with the purpose of studying the local area (later repurposed into a general store and trading post).

Containers2 become subject to a phenomenon by which they anomalously deepen. This occurs over the course of approximately one week, and has no effect on the outward appearance of the container in question. It has been noted that the volume of the water does not change the outcome of the transformation.

Upon reaching 500m in depth, this transformation will stop, and an opening will appear at the bottom of the container. This opening serves as an entryway into a physical replica of SCP-4050 submerged entirely in water3. The water in SCP-4050-1 has a salinity of 4.5%, slightly higher than the average of seawater, and a high argon content, and is otherwise non-anomalous.

A large concrete dome covers the entirety of SCP-4050-1. The entryway into SCP-4050-1 always appears to be on the ceiling of this dome. Tests have concluded that the dome is destructible, but its breadth is unknown. The longest distance drilled within the dome is 650km.

Addendum-1:  Following the events of Exploration 7.3-1, it was discovered that all buildings within SCP-4050-1 have had all of their openings completely barricaded with wood. All attempts at gaining entry into a building have been met with failure, as the wood and buildings have resisted all destruction attempts thus far.

Addendum-2:  Following the events of Exploration 7.7-2, a single window that was not barricaded was found, allowing access into the house. 5 human cadavers were found within its interior, including one male in the living room next to the open window, holding a hammer and nails, one female and a child in the basement, next to a large supply of canned food and bottled water, another male within a closet, holding a large bucket and several empty water bottles, and another child in a bedroom upstairs, holding a stuffed toy.

Notably, these cadavers are an identical genetic match to the ████████████ family, the members of which are both alive and currently residing within SCP-4050.

Addendum-3:  Following the events of Exploration 8.1-3, it was noted that any container within SCP-4050-1 that measured 10m in depth, another opening would appear at the bottom, which would lead to a large plot of land with a small log cabin in the middle, completely submerged in water. This water appears to be the same in composition as the water in SCP-4050-1, and a concrete dome similar to the one in SCP-4050-1 covers the area, which also appears to be infinitely thick.

Within the submerged log cabin is the corpse of Florence C.N James, floating next to the building's window, holding a journal. The journal describes Florence's fear of the rain, noting that it was raining more than usual in Kansas, as well as describing a large flood occurring, before the rest becomes illegible due to water damage.

Footnotes
1. Any object/structure capable of independently holding liquid
2. Henceforth known as 
3. Henceforth referred to as SCP-4050-1








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Nov 2020 08:20
            
            Edit
+131)
Tags
Discuss (18)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            FCR Vakfı
                      
              Find, Contain, Research
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hogwarts 2092
                      
              The Harry Potter RP That Doesnt Suck - Part 3!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Jakeopod Wiki
                      
              All things Jakeopod
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Stiftelsen SCP
                      
              FORSIKRE-FORVARE-FORSVARE / FÖRSÄKRA-FÖRVARA-FÖRSVARA
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

