                        









SCP-5432, with two non-anomalous golden apples used to confirm the strain comprising the object's filling.



Item #:  5432

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-5432 is kept frozen in a standard anomalous objects locker in the low temperature containment area of Overwatch Command, for the sake of item preservation.

Description:  SCP-5432 is a cooked apple pie that was formerly a 102 year-old human male by the name of Herman Fry. Based on residual subatomic ontological1 particle emissions in SCP-5432, Fry is estimated to have had the highest recorded internal Hume level to date at 25 times standard human baseline.

Discovery:  SCP-5432 was discovered on 2020/02/10 at 5:32 am, following a series of highly anomalous events and a spike in universal Hume levels. The sequence consisted of alterations to baseline reality across known existence centered around a point 27km southwest of Overwatch Command. Further investigation discovered a two room cottage owned by Herman Fry at the sequence's epicenter. Ontological levels reached a maximum of seven times baseline at 6:32 am before reverting to their initial, non-anomalous state. None of the local civilians possess any memory of the events despite drastic alterations to reality made in the area during their duration.

Fry's home was found deserted by responding Mobile Task Force Alpha-1 (, as well as sufficient personal effects to determine Fry's identity2. The oven was left on and preheated to 200 centigrade.

Addendum 5432.1: Discovery Event Log 

Note - The following was compiled by both direct witnessing by Foundation personnel during the event sequence and a global mapping of reality fluctuations following its conclusion. Recorded data was utilized to statistically map previous reality states using the Turing-12 supercomputer located within Overwatch Command.


TIME
LOCATION
EVENT SUMMARY


5:32 am
Cottage of Herman Fry
Herman Fry's cottage materializes southeast of Helston with its oven preheated at 200 centigrade.


5:48 am
The Channel
A fleet of 81 civilian-flagged motor yachts appear 5km off the southern coast of Falmouth. Their appearance is accompanied by the sounds of gunfire emanating from the southeastern seas. The ships sail towards the source of the noise at a speed of 135 knots until they circumnavigate the world and reappear off the northern coast 44 minutes later.


5:54 am
Harbour Road Pub, Porthleven
The windows of the building all vibrate in harmony to the tune of Slow Boat to China, a song about two individuals taking a solitary and romantic journey to a fictional land. The piece is sung in duet by two voices inherently identified as Bing Crosby and Rosemary Clooney. No such persons exist within known history.


5:59 am
Falmouth Hospital
The ground beneath the facility rises due to a sudden tectonic shift until it is 6.3km above sea level. The brickwork of the building glows with a composite brightness of 1,500,000 lumens.


6:04 am
Porthleven Community Graveyard
A total of 10,000 Gordon's Gin bottles and 10,000 MG Magnette ZA automobiles fall from the sky and onto the cemetery grounds.


6:06 am
Royal Psychiatric Asylum of Cornwall
Entering the asylum via its front entrance transports the person to the top and edge of the seaside cliffs at Lizard Point 63km away.


6:10 am
Fistral Beach, Newquay
A previously abandoned warehouse is instantaneously decorated with advertisements for 32 different non-existent religions. Examples include .


6:13 am
Bodmin
A 1m wide hermetically sealed cylindrical prison appears above Bodmin. The structure's interior consists of stacked rows of cells encircling a pillar spanning its height. The pillar's structure resembles a Scranton reality anchor constructed from human remains.


6:18 am
Global Event
All video monitors across Cornwall play episode nine of a nonexistent television series named . The prison structure above Bodmin evaporates as water vapor.


6:19 am
Lizard Point
Two unmarked graves, one 25% the size of the other, appear at the cliff edge. The ground around the grave plots collapses into the sea, leaving two stone pillars on the coastline.


6:21 am
Universal Event
Cornwall vibrates to produce Slow Boat to China at a constant volume of 60 decibels. Bing Crosby and Rosemary Clooney's voices are replaced by one woman and an adolescent of unknown identities. A layer of human placental tissue forms around reality's outer surface, making a embryonic shell 120,000km in diameter.


6:25 am
St. Ives
The town is replaced by a massive astronomical observatory taking up its incorporated area. The telescope inside has a maximum magnification factor 1,256 times stronger than necessary for total universal viewing.


6:27 am
Truro
The populace (19,260) is replaced by identical instances of an unidentified woman approximately 28 years of age. Each is dressed in a wedding gown and holds an ingredient for apple pie. The instances converge on the Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Truro. All instances return to their original state, location, and identity following entry.


6:29 am
Universal Event
The terrain within a 5km radius of the cottage is transformed into pie crust which rises to cover and consume Fry's home. The figures of one man, one woman, and one child holding hands together decorate the puff-pastry surface. Tears spread across the placental layer encapsulating known reality.


6:32 am
Cottage of Herman Fry
The pastry crust around Fry's cottage retreats to the front porch. An additional rocking chair materializes on either side of the one already present with one being appropriately sized for a child between 5 and 8 years of age. SCP-5432 appears in the center rocking chair. The cottage's oven is left on and preheated to 200 centigrade.



Footnotes
1. Reality altering.
2. Collected items include wedding photos, a lifetime membership to the Association of Dunkirk Little Ships, and an Arctic Star campaign medal for service guarding convoy routes during WWII.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Nov 2020 15:17
            
            Edit
+123)
Tags
Discuss (27)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Souls Lore
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            FUNCLUB FullRP
                      
              База данных зоны 81F
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Igor
                      
              Independent Generation of Research
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Margopedia
                      
              Połączenie wikipedii i nonsensopedii...
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

