                        





Item #:  SCP-4404

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  A list of substances that can produce SCP-4404 (designated 4404-Variant-1, -2, etc.) is kept on file and is accessible to personnel with 4/4404 Clearance. Any 4404-Variant should be treated as highly toxic and is subject to standard hazardous material protocols.

Whenever a new variant of SCP-4404 is identified, the Particulate Anomaly Interception Network must be updated to detect and neutralize the chemicals in question. Any deployment of SCP-4404 should be addressed by the closest detachment of MTF Beta-7 () at the soonest opportunity.

Individuals exposed to SCP-4404 should be taken into custody at the nearest suitable facility and sedated or restrained as necessary to minimize self-harm.

Description:  SCP-4404 is an olfactory memetic agent that can be produced via any of several chemical mixtures, all of which have the same effect. SCP-4404 itself is described as similar to the scents of blood and formaldehyde, though subjects state that it evokes ideas such as safety, isolation, and comfort.

Any exposure to SCP-4404 results in a gradual decrease in the subject's tolerance for minor unpleasant sensations. Subjects describe an unwillingness to tolerate unpleasant feelings, rather than any alteration in their subjective experience of these sensations. This effect is not mitigated by amnestics.

Within two days, subjects will begin to acknowledge or attend to sensations that they would normally ignore entirely. Outwardly, this presents as fidgeting, excessive scratching, and/or distraction. They will seek medical treatments and/or home remedies to mitigate these symptoms. These effects increase in severity at a steady rate.

Between one and two weeks after exposure, the effects of SCP-4404 begin to prevent subjects from functioning normally. Minimizing unwanted sensations requires most of the subject's time and energy, preventing them from performing work or attending to relationships. Emotional distress  is universal.

The following is an excerpt from an interview with D-8705, a test subject who was exposed to SCP-4404 three weeks prior to the interview. Note that the transcript has been edited for readability, as D-8705 was highly agitated and had difficulty focusing on the conversation.



D-8705:  I can't take this. It's not fair.

Dr. Novak:  What's not fair?

D-8705:  I need serious help, but you people aren't taking it seriously! It's like there's ants crawling on my eyes, and there's worms slithering up my nose. Every time I sneeze, it's like there's an explosion going off in my head. It sucks!

Dr. Novak:  Yeah, spring allergies are a pain.

D-8705:  You have them too? How do you live with it?

Dr. Novak:  The same way you did before just a few weeks ago. I just put up with it.

D-8705:  Well I shouldn't have to put up with it! This lousy, stupid body won't leave me alone and I'm losing my fucking mind trying to fix it. Fuck everything else, I need to feel better.

Dr. Novak:  Does it feel worse than it used to be? Are you in more pain?

D-8705:  No, but I can't just ignore it now, I can't focus on anything else. I have a right to be comfortable. The technology exists. I shouldn't have to feel bad, ever.
附加记录：    

Left unsupervised, subjects will resort to drastic measures to eliminate unwanted sensations. Self-administration of anesthetic drugs is common, as is impromptu surgery to remove particularly troublesome regions or organs. In both cases, death is common.

Subjects that survive for five weeks begin to undergo physical changes. Their fingernails will fall out and be replaced by sharpened, fingernail-shaped protrusions of the distal phalanxes; additionally, glands in the fingertips will begin to secrete a poorly understood watery substance designated SCP-4404-A. These effects allow subjects to easily remove strips of their own flesh and cover the wounds in SCP-4404-A.

When in contact with an open wound, SCP-4404-A will quickly react with the blood to form a porcelain-like white shell 1.2-1.7cm thick that contains no nerve endings. Subjects will attempt to excise any part of their body that produces unwanted sensations and cover the wounds with SCP-4404-A, permanently halting any sensation from the affected area.

This behavior will continue until the subject either fatally damages one or more of their vital organs (commonly the lungs or brain) or severs the tendons that allow them to move their arms.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

SCP-4404 was originally developed by SCP-3404-C sometime in November of 2017. It was first deployed in Murmansk, Russia, where 4404-Variant-1 was introduced to the ventilation system of a downtown office building. SCP-3404-C announced its involvement over several social media channels with the following statement:



NEVER feel any pain. Pain shows that the body is in DANGER and Operation HEALTH stands against this for the sake of HUMANITY. Today in Murmansk we show the WORLD what health smells like. You cannot forget your BIRTHRIGHT of healthy living. We will perform TESTS to improve the smell and we will give you a BETTER smell, until EVERYONE feels good.

The pure arctic water of RUSSIA tells you, via SYMBOLS, what your body can be: Sharp. White. PERFECT.
附加记录：    

SCP-3404-C has since staged four similar events  in various communities above or near the Arctic circle. It is inferred that SCP-3404-C is attempting to develop a 4404-Variant that can circumvent the Particulate Anomaly Interception Network and whose ingredients cannot be easily traced, as well as potential improvements to its functionality.

It is assumed that once a suitable 4404-Variant is designed, SCP-3404-C will spread SCP-4404 on as large a scale as possible.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            02 Jun 2020 21:13
            
            Edit
+63)
Tags
Discuss (11)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Killing Floor Map Database
                      
              KFMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Puppet中文wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Employment Network of SB
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

