                        


Item #:  SCP-1092

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1092 is to be housed in a 5 by 5 by 2.5 meter cell that is completely watertight and is capable of being filled and drained via an installed pumping system. During its parasitic stage, SCP-1092 will be contained in one (1) domestic pig of no less than 54cm of water and SCP-1092 will be allowed to enter its aquatic stage. The body of its former host will be incinerated. After four (4) months, another domestic pig meeting the same specifications will be placed into the inundated cell. Upon successful infection, the water will be drained and boiled three (3) times at no less than 200°C before being disposed of.

monitored until SCP-1092 exits its parasitic phase terminated (see Addendum 1092-02).

Description:  SCP-1092 is an Osteichthyes class fish, during its aquatic phase virtually indistinguishable from other related fishes, except for a tendency toward aggression. However, only adolescent and adult instances of SCP-1092 have been observed outside of a living host; juveniles are obligate parasites. The fish infects the circulatory system of its host, absorbing oxygen and nutrients directly from the host's blood. Once in the bloodstream, instances grow from less than a millimeter in diameter to many times their original size, the largest recorded specimen being 2.1 however, it is theorized that its tiny eggs enter the bloodstream through cuts and lacerations on the subject's flesh, which would explain its aggressive tendencies. It has been known to infect a number of large mammals, including goats, sheep, humans, █████████, and pigs.

Subjects infected by SCP-1092 often experience fatigue, weight loss, and increased appetite. Further, many subjects affected will report  sensations inside their body. Nevertheless, it must be noted that a significant portion of those infected experience no noticeable symptoms until the parasite has matured to the end of its parasitic stage. Once the fish have matured within a host for 6-9 weeks, they will be ready to enter their aquatic stage. SCP-1092 will generally wait for its host to be contacting or surrounded by a significant amount of liquid water (SCP-1092's mechanism for detecting water outside the hosts' body is under investigation, see Document ██████). When the host contacts water, all mature instances of SCP-1092 will forcibly expel themselves from the hosts body, using their teeth to cut through blood vessels and epethelium. Subjects will sustain anywhere from minor injury to severe blood loss and death, depending on the location and severity of infection.

It is important to mention that a small but notable portion of subjects will experience a secondary stage of infection. In these individuals, SCP-1092 will travel up the carotid artery, at which point [REDACTED].

Addendum 1092-01: Incident A 

Unknown to any Foundation staff at the time, Agent ██████ was exposed to SCP-1092 and the infection progressed unchecked for at least 6 weeks (it is hypothesized that Agent ██████ was initially infected via a small cut on the inside of his lip). SCP-1092 exited his body without warning while he was taking a shower in facilities at Site ██. Although medical attention was given almost immediately, the hemorrhaging proved too extensive and Agent ██████ died within the hour.

Addendum 1092-02: Incident B 

A member of the research team investigating SCP-1092, Dr. █████, despite having no prior history of violent behavior was somehow able to gain control of [DATA EXPUNGED], resulting in a site-wide containment breach, including the temporary release of SCP-███, SCP-████, and SCP-███. This was suspected to have been a distraction staged in order to allow Dr. █████ to [REDACTED] unnoticed. The subject was finally terminated only five kilometers away from the Colorado River Aqueduct. Upon autopsy, the subject was confirmed to have an advanced-stage SCP-1092 infection in his brain.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            18 Oct 2019 00:41
            
            Edit
+36)
Tags
Discuss (28)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Borradores OTS
                      
              Tu lugar de imaginación para los OTS, relatos y mucho más
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            HammerfallWiki
                      
              A Wiki for Hammerfall RPG on Facebook and Myspace
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            REACHA
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Arlington, Mass.
                      
              The Arlington Wiki - Arlington, MA
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

