                        


Item #:  SCP-877

Object Class:  Euclid Keter

Special Containment Protocols:  All copies of SCP-877 are to be kept in electromagnetically sealed containers in the Site-19 storage vault. Containers are to be fitted with radio receivers set to scan all frequencies for incoming or outgoing transmissions. A log of previously used frequencies is to be kept on file. Any transmission from any copy of SCP-877 is to be reported immediately to Site-19 command. All efforts are to be made to capture as many specimens of SCP-877 as possible, to determine any of the object's other abilities.

Description:  SCP-877 is a set of Alexylva University.” Moreover, the abilities of these microchips are beyond the technological capability of any known laboratory to create.

Copies of SCP-877 have a potential processing speed of 3.3x10██ million instructions per second at ██ terahertz and storage capability estimated at ███ petabytes. The chips are capable of interfacing with and controlling the motor functions of host creatures, though it will usually allow the animals' instincts to carry out routine affairs (eating, nesting, mating).

SCP-877 has only primarily been noted to take over its host for the purpose of propagating itself (see Addendum 877-2). The mechanism by which this takes place is unknown, but the behavior associated is well-documented. A host animal will approach another animal and immobilize it by the most expedient means available to it. The host will bite the creature somewhere on the head, making blood contact between the animals. The original host will release the animal after ten minutes.

Within twenty-four hours, a new copy of SCP-877 will emerge in the new host; the chip will be slightly smaller and the generation number will have advanced by one. millions tens of millions.

Addendum 877-1: Recovery Log:  The first copy of SCP-877 located was discovered by zoological researchers at the University of [REDACTED] in Tennessee in 199█ during a typical dissection. Its unusual presence inside the creature drew the attention of Foundation scientists, who determined it to be a first generation chip. Analysis of unusual energy readings from the chip led to scanning for radio transmissions with a frequency of [REDACTED], leading to the capture of two more chips. Instances of SCP-877 began changing frequencies repeatedly; however, having several specimens in captivity made tracking easier.

Addendum 877-2: Update Log 

██ February 2011: Tenth specimen acquired. During testing, a major spike in radio activity was recorded on several different frequencies. At this time, all instances of SCP-877 in captivity ceased transmitting on any frequency, and all known frequencies for SCP-877 transmission went dead. O5 Command believes the rest of the chips are communicating on scrambled channels and continuing their propagation cycles. Without any understanding of the chips' origins or ultimate goal, the threat level of SCP-877 is to be considered high and attempts to locate specimens of and materials relating to SCP-877 should be considered top priority.

█-██ August 2011: On two separate occasions within a week, reports were received of attacks against isolated humans by clusters of animals of different species working together. A single specimen of Didelphis virginiana, the North American opossum, was captured. Presence of SCP-877 confirmed during dissection. Reclassification to Keter requested.

██ August 2011: Keter reclassification denied by O5 command.

██ September 2011: Another attack involving SCP-877 recorded. Two Boston terriers, four squirrels, and a garter snake cooperated in attacking an eleven-year-old child who had strayed into a wooded area near her home. Using radio frequency tracking, the two terriers were contained; presence of SCP-877 was confirmed by dissection. Both specimens were marked ) formed and mobilized for rapid response and containment of SCP-877 instances.

██ September 2011: After reports of unusually violent behavior, the victim of the previous SCP-877 attack was brought in by Foundation researchers. MRI scan inconclusive, though a small shadow was seen in the cerebral cortex. Researchers confirmed that the object was most likely SCP-877, given its consistent shape and location during multiple scans, though definite identification would not be possible while the subject was still alive due to the chip's placement.

██ September 2011: Keter reclassification approved by O5 command.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            29 May 2020 01:53
            
            Edit
+297)
Tags
Discuss (26)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            AQ3D
                      
              AdventureQuest 3D Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Scion: Monsters and Mosh Pits
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            免費電子書：C# 程式設計
                      
              作者：陳鍾誠
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            EliteQuest Worlds
                      
              Eqwwiki
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

