                        







SCP-4634-022 affixed to a toilet at Site-90.



Item №:  SCP-4634

Anomaly Class:  Safe Archon

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4634-1 through -128 are stored in the Site-90 anomalous materials archive, alongside information regarding Incident 4634-002. SCP-4634-129 through -256 are currently kept under surveillance at their respective locations of recovery  where possible, the locations have been sealed with containment-grade bulkheads and given a permanent guard detail. Under no circumstances are any documents, SCP-4634 or otherwise, to be removed from these locations.

Description:  SCP-4634 are 256  its method of determining this, and the nature of the potential intelligence involved, are unknown. An instance will maintain a given form until applied to another applicable entrance.

Any roomno effect See Addendum.2.

Addendum.1 | Abridged testing log: 



Room:  Culinary department test kitchen № 7.

Effect:  All mechanical components of appliances fused in place, rendering them inert. Cutlery warped and curled beyond recognition, and all solid work-surfaces and cutting boards adopted a soft, malleable, and slightly adhesive texture. D-000014 was introduced to the environment after one hour alongside a large quantity of fresh produce, and was asked to prepare a meal  they were unable to do so due to the rapid decay of all edible substances.
附加记录：    



Room:  Residential suite S90-R105.

Effect:  Legs of bed detached, and springs in the mattress extended to penetrate the fabric lining. Dresser and wardrobe both collapsed, with individual components deforming in such a way as to prevent reassembly. Light fixtures increased brightness by three orders of magnitude and were not able to be deactivated. D-000014 was given a blindfold and protective coverings and ordered to sleep on the room's floor; once they entered, the sprinkler systems activated, dispensing large volumes of molten copper.
附加记录：    



Room:  Heavy containment cell S90-A03.

Effect:  The contents of the room were instantaneously displaced 64 metres north. All objects introduced to the room were displaced in a similar fashion.
附加记录：    



Room:  Heavy containment cell S90-A03.

Effect:  Further tests were conducted, and the containment cell was identified as a potential method of instantaneous transportation. The first test relevant to this goal was conducted with D-000014: upon entering, D-000014 was displaced 64 metres north as expected; their skin and nervous system, however, were displaced 64 metres south. Testing was concluded and the SCP-4634 instance removed.
附加记录：    



Room:  Specially constructed room, no intended purpose.

Effect:  Tests not able to be performed. Notes limited to 128 characters.
附加记录：    



SCP-4634-009 as it was at its time of recovery.



Addendum.2 | Discovery/Incident-4634-002: 

All SCP-4634 instances recovered to-date were initially located within 128 large stone monuments spaced randomly across the Earth's surface. Each monument possessed a door leading to an internal chamber containing a stone dais of unclear function, and on the inside of each of these doors was an identical SCP-4634 instance in an unknown language. As the removal of instances produced no initial effect, they were recovered without incident.

On 1994-06-12, 03:44 local time, SCP-4634-128 was retrieved from its monument in the oceanic Puysegur trench, and detached from the internal door. Widespread anomalous effects were observed over the following hours, including:

[03:46] All astronomical bodies adopting circular orbits with perpendicular axes of rotation.
[03:47] The asteroid belt fusing into a single ring of uniform density.
[03:59] The alignment of stars to a regular grid pattern within the galaxy.
[05:00] The arrangement of silicon compounds into hexagonal fractal patterns several kilometres across.
[05:59] The arrangement of carbon compounds into square fractal patterns several hundred kilometres across.
[08:40] The coalescence of noble gasses into low-temperature crystalline structures.
[10:16] The destruction of all self-replicating compounds and the subsequent death of all life.


The resultant O0-Class Ontological Shift Scenario continued for an indeterminate amount of time, following which a further 128 instances of SCP-4634 manifested in an additional set of 128 monuments, and all changes reverted. No evidence of the incident was located within baseline reality  data presented here is extrapolated from exclusionary monitoring sites and DEEPWELL facilities.

Also present in each new monument was another non-anomalous document in the same language as the original SCP-4634 instance, seemingly written more hastily than its anomalous counterparts. As with the original SCP-4634 instances, it has yet to be translated. The protocol of recovering SCP-4634 was discontinued shortly thereafter, and no plans to reinstate it are currently in place. It is considered in the Foundation's best interests to ensure that the universe as a whole remains non-functional.

Footnotes
1. i.e. a relatively sealed three-dimensional space, as subjectively determined by human perception.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            18 Jun 2020 05:17
            
            Edit
+259)
Tags
Discuss (29)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Eitrigg Crafters
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Insurrection du Chaos
                      
              Branche Francophone.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Intro to Psychology (PSYC 101)
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Unofficial Kingdom Conquest Wiki
                      
              Seven towers to rule them all...
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

