                        


Item #:  SCP-4521

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4521 is to be kept in Site-551's Bioterrarium and only accessible by personnel with Level 2 clearance or higher. Additionally, attempts are to be made daily in an attempt to provoke vocalizations from SCP-4521.

Description:  SCP-4521 is a Douglas fir tree with abnormal shape and leaves. SCP-4521 was discovered within God's Silence, Oregon after reports of an  from within the tree's vicinity. Amnestics were administered, and SCP-4521 was transported by implanted Foundation agents to Site-551.

Currently, SCP-4521's anomalous property is that it is incapable of screaming. No apparatuses are found on SCP-4521 that allow it to scream, and attempting to create one has been met with failure (see testing log). Attempts are being made to provoke screaming within SCP-4521.

No memetic or cognitohazardous phenomena originate from or affect SCP-4521. Multiple attempts using several other anomalies have been made to detect any screaming, but no screaming was detected.

Test Log:  The following are attempts made by on-site personnel to eliminate SCP-4521's anomalous ability.



Test 1:  Carve a mouth on SCP-4521.

Outcome:  Several holes were placed upon SCP-4521 using a chainsaw. No screaming appears to emanate from these holes.
附加记录：    



Test 2:  Use an extremely hot branding iron to imprint the word  onto the base of the tree.

Outcome:  No screaming detected. Brand disappeared within 2 days time.
附加记录：    



Test 3:  Place multiple species of spiders upon SCP-4521's base.

Outcome:  No screaming detected. Approximately 30% continued to stay on the tree. 50% of the spiders that stayed burrowed further into the tree. No screaming was detected during this time.
附加记录：    



Test 4:  Take a tree that is genetically similar/related to SCP-4521, and slowly destroy it in a close radius around it.

Outcome:  Tree successfully destroyed over the course of 28 hours. No screaming detected.
附加记录：    



Test 5:  Take a tree that is genetically similar/related to SCP-4521, and [REDACTED].

Outcome:  [REDACTED BY REQUEST OF ETHICS COMMITTEE]. No screaming detected.
附加记录：    



Test 6:  Use a D-Class personnel under the effects of mnestics in the event that SCP-4521's screaming is antimemetic.

Outcome:  No screaming detected.
附加记录：    



Test 7:  Attempt to communicate with SCP-4521.

Outcome:  See attached audio file.



AUDIO FILE: FILE-4521 INTERVIEW 

[BEGIN LOG]

Dr. Hanz:  Uh hello, SCP-4521. Can you hear me?

Silence

Dr. Hanz:  Did you say something?

Silence

Dr. Hanz:  Oh, that was my imagination. I'm sorry.

Silence

Dr. Hanz:  Listen do you want to talk? Do you have something on your mind? Just let it out.

Silence

Dr. Hanz:  Come on, it's not healthy to bottle up, You can tell me, I'm friendly.

Silence

Dr. Hanz:  D-do you not have a reason to

Silence

Dr. Hanz:  I do hope those thoughts in your head are doing you well, but they need to be let out. This is for your own good, I promise. Don't worry about making too much noise, I don't mind.

Silence

Dr. Hanz:  Can you hear me? Can you even hear me while you're trapped in your mind? Can you see me through the foggy, muddy waters that are your eyes?

Silence

Dr. Hanz:  Come on, the deafening silence is killing me! If you don't want to speak, or at least scream, the tests will continue. It's only healthy.

Silence

Dr. Hanz:  P-please! You're scaring me!

Silence

Dr. Hanz:  Y-you know I assaulted a kid. I took a bike lock and crushed his skull in. It went on for 6 minutes before being stopped by one of his friends, who I also clocked in the head. I went down the street, and I saw this lady. She fell off her bike. It was the same bike I stole the bike lock from.

Silence



Dr. Hanz:  I took that bike, cut it up into several small, tingly pieces, and fed her the bike, over the course of several hours. She just laid there with her broken leg, and her stomach eventually ruptured. The black ooze that dripped from her stomach indicated that someone might have called the cops, so I went home, and locked my room. Do you want to know what I did?

Silence

Dr. Hanz:  I screamed. I opened my mouth and let out the largest roar that was trapped at the bottom of my lungs. All those wasted opportunities, all those memories, fading away as the calming ring of my torn voice box filled the room. And look where I ended up! I got a doctorate and I'm working for one of the best organizations on Earth. It's not too late!

Silence

Dr. Hanz:  Or you haven't felt that thrill yet, haven't you. Typical. Outcasts like you, born in some random remote part of Siberia, no other individual in sight. You're too weak to impress anyone, so you just stay by yourself. I see your game.

Silence

Dr. Hanz:  But I can help you! You need to scream!

Silence

Dr. Hanz:  You need to scream! You need to scream! You need to scream!

Dr. Hanz proceeds to say the exact same phrase for 37 hours before being escorted out by onsite guards in order to prevent death by dehydration.

After waking from a short 4 hour nap, Dr. Hanz exclaimed that he 

[END LOG]
附加记录：    
附加记录：    



« SCP-4522 »



                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                _shaggy-dog
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            02 Apr 2020 05:16
            
            Edit
+91)
Tags
Discuss (14)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Borradores OTS
                      
              Tu lugar de imaginación para los OTS, relatos y mucho más
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Legend of the Five Rings
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Frets On Fire Wiki
                      
              courtesy of fretsonfire.org
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Pokemon Snagem
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

