                        




Top view of SCP-3507 before its autopsy



Item # : SCP-3507

Object Class : Thaumiel Neutralized

Special Containment Procedures:  The corpse of SCP-3507 is to be held in deep storage warehouse #32-T in Site 46. SCP-3507's weapon and armor are to be transported to the Site 36 non-anomalous storage department.

MTF Rho-15 “Smooth Samurais'” are assigned to terminate all Y-class entities using the tier V trans-dimensional kinetoglyphs developed by Research Team TGU-23.

+ArchivedProcedures

-A-5


Foundation personnel are to organize “festivals” centered around ancestor veneration in local towns where SCP-3507 is known to traverse. The use of classical costumes during these festivals has proven to generate less suspicion for anyone that identifies SCP-3507 from afar.

Due to SCP-3507's substantial ability to terminate Y-class entities, no Foundation personnel is permitted to halt SCP-3507's movements. Air-based drones are to track the movements of SCP-3507 each night and to note any deviances from SCP-3507’s normal travel pattern.

MTF Rho-11 “The Smooth Samurais'” are instructed to be located in the vicinity of SCP-3507 and, immediately, intervene in events where civilians come into contact with SCP-3507 or a change in behavior is noted.

MTF-Rho-11 is also to analyze and record actions of SCP-3507 for the use of Research Team TGU-23 headquartered in Site 46. Creation of such technology that will allow for interaction with Y-class entities is of the highest priority as to lessen the reliance on SCP-3507's capabilities.




Description:  SCP-3507 was a semi-corporeal human male of Japanese ethnicity and appears to have been approximately 20 to 30 years of age. SCP-3507 manifested at 2000 UTC in the proximity of disused Taoist religious shrines. SCP-3507 was most often found traversing forests and rural areas in Japan. SCP-3507 had a migration sequence which included the circumnavigation of mainland Japan at a pace of once every year.

SCP-3507 was dressed in late Heian period armor known as ō-yoroi. The armor is made up of thousands of individual leather scales, which are bound together through an intricate network of bamboo threads. The armor was covered in a thick layer of tree resin and salt. Over the armor, SCP-3507 usually wore a wool coat.

SCP-3507 carried a sheath on its back which contained an ōdachi4.

The main goal and desire of SCP-3507 was to terminate all Y-class entities. In traditional literature, Y-class entities are often referred to as yokai. Y-class entities are created from a manipulation in reality that is caused by negative human emotions and an extremely high Hume level. Depressive or melancholic thoughts or actions that occur near areas that are relativistically unstable allow for a subtle restructuring of concurrent reality in the local area.

Most often this reconstruction occurs in relation to the base emotion that caused the spatial shift. It is currently unknown if the reality shift completely creates the Y-class entities or is modifying existing objects/animals into becoming new Y-class entities.

An example of this is Y-class entity H, which is colloquially known as the shirogami, which is manifested by extreme depressive moods and is, seemingly, created from the transmutation of a Elaphe climacophora (commonly known as the Japanese Rat Snake).



Ukiyo-e wood printing of Y-class entity L frightening a calligrapher



Due to the varied circumstances of Y-class entity creation, there are significant differences in both appearance and constitution, however, two similarities exist between all instances. The first is that all Y-class entities are incorporeal, thus, no tangible weapons or containment devices have any impact on their movement.

The second similarity is that the only way to identify a Y-class entity is through positron emission topography. Positron emission topography creates images through discharging gamma rays and graphing the reflecting image. Y-class entities are normally completely invisible to humans, however, a select few individuals who are afflicted with blindness are able to  the presence of Y-class entities. This, however, entails no containment risk due to how the perceived encounters with Y-class entities only produce common day occurrences such gusts of wind or feelings of paranoia.

SCP-3507’s main anomalous capacity manifested in its ability to interact with Y-class entities. An increase in Y-class entity creation in the past 40 years has necessitated the assistance of SCP-3507's actions in the prevention of Y-class entity propagation. Containment of Y-class entities was under the jurisdiction of the Imperial Japanese Abnormal Matters Examination Agency (IJAMEA) till their dissolution in 1945.

During the intervention of the Foundation after the suspension of IJAMEA activities, it soon became apparent that significant and, at the time, impractical thaumatological resources were needed in containing the Y-class entities due to their unique composition. Thus, it had been decided that SCP-3507 will contain the majority of Y-class entities including those in the A to Y subcategories.

Due to the nature of the creation of Y-class entities, SCP-3507, sporadically, came into close proximity with humans. Whenever SCP-3507 noticed that it is was being viewed by another individual, it would phase through the surrounding area and relocate. One exception, however, were individuals who were afflicted with blindness. SCP-3507 had exhibited an affinity for these individuals and did not relocate when they were near.



Set of Ukiyo-e wood printing depicting Y-class entity M attacking Emperor Sanjō's Palace



The following excerpts are the surviving journal entries of Emperor Sanjō, the 67th emperor of Japan. The period in which these journal entries were written corresponds to the date in which SCP-3507's armor originates from.

The journals displayed the first mention of Y-class entities in the historical record. The circumstances of the period depicted in the journal are hypothesized to have been caused by the tumultuous reign of Emperor Sanjō.

The burning of Osaka Castle during the Tokugawa Shogunate destroyed the majority of the records of palace records and documents during the Heian period. They have been translated and transcribed by Foundation linguists. Emperor Sanjō was forced to abdicate his throne on 2/7/1017 and died later that year.

+JournalSanjō

-Granted






Dated: 9/13/1016
附加记录：    



.

Dated: 9/19/1016
附加记录：    





Dated: 10/11/1016
附加记录：    





Dated: 10/12/1016
附加记录：    





Dated: 11/2/1016
附加记录：    





Dated: 11/4/1016
附加记录：    





Dated: 12/10/1016
附加记录：    



them peeling my skin and crushing my bones, but when I look there is nothing there and no injury. A piece of my room came crashing down, almost killing me and it is as if my bones started to shake. I felt the shape like a massive man. Later, they told me it had to be because of a structural failure. But I know the truth, I felt the (unintelligible hand writing)

Dated: 12/11/1016
附加记录：    





Dated: 12/15/1016
附加记录：    





Dated: 12/16/1016
附加记录：    





Dated: 1/7/1017
附加记录：    





Dated: 1/9/1017
附加记录：    





Dated: 2/4/1017
附加记录：    





Dated: 2/5/1017
附加记录：    




The following is an interview conducted after establishing the anomalous aspects of SCP-3507.



Interviewed:  SCP-3507

Interviewer:  Dr. Tsunesaburo13



Foreword:  Dr. Tsunesaburo was instructed to interview SCP-3507 in a casual manner so as to not cause any unnecessary agitation. Dr. Tsunesaburo spoke in Old Japanese and the translations for both Japanese-speaking and English-speaking personnel are transcribed below.



 , 1:38 am, 2/12/19██



(Dr. Tsunesaburo begins walking down the same path as SCP-3507, as determined by drone tracking. Approximately 5 minutes later, SCP-3507 begins to walk about 5 meters away from Dr. Tsunesaburo)

Dr. Tsunesaburo:  Good morning, (pause for about 30 seconds) the weather is surely pleasant this evening.

SCP-3507:  Yes, indeed.

Dr. Tsunesaburo:  I am surprised you understand me. The last time this language was commonly spoken was nearly 800 years ago.

SCP-3507:  Language, like emotion, comes and goes like the wind.

Dr. Tsunesaburo:  Such is the way of all life it seems. (pause for 30 seconds) What are you doing this evening?

SCP-3507:  Why are you talking to me? You obviously know what I do, most never notice my presence or simply ignore it.

Dr. Tsunesaburo:  My friends and I are interested in what you are trying to accomplish, it is very helpful and interesting to is.

SCP-3507:  I see your are interested in the unknowable. (SCP-3507 grimaces) Men who want to control the unnatural and forbidden. If that is who you are, then there is nothing else to say.

Dr. Tsunesaburo:  No, our only goal is to protect, we do not wish to exploit as some have done in the past.

SCP-3507:  So you are like a guardian? My master was a guardian like me and, apparently, so are you. The sanctity of life is the highest goal to a guardian.

Dr. Tsunesaburo:  Was it your master who taught you how to fight?

SCP-3507:  Well, he did help with some things. It was mainly my father who taught me how to sword fight. He was very used to combat. He fought many opponents and killed many people.

Dr. Tsunesaburo:  Is that something that you are against?

SCP-3507:  I understand the commitment that my father had to the clan's well being, but I wish to move past the violence that has engulfed millions throughout our land's history. I promised my master that no harm would come to anyone because of those vile creatures. I have staked my pride and clan's honor.

Dr. Tsunesaburo:  Was your master the one who taught you to interact with creatures that you get rid of?

SCP-3507:  He was the first to tell me of the world behind the veil. At first I thought it was just the ramblings of my old father. In the last days I was with him he discussed many things with me. It was my master that taught me to see and hear for them. You know, I am only comfortable in front of those who are blind because they remind me of him.

Dr. Tsunesaburo:  How did you come to meet your master?

SCP-3507:  Well, he came when I was only a child. He was the one who taught me how to access my true self. He was part of an organization that protected people. (pause for about one minute) (SCP-3507 breathes in) This fragrant wind reminds of my home. It was a remarkable home adorned with gold, silver, cherry blossoms, all the comforts one could want. Was your home similar?

Dr. Tsunesaburo:  Similar in feeling, but different in style. I grew up in a rural village named Kitashiobara near Fukushima. I lived in a modest home and my parents were farmers, but the mountain breeze and the vast forests made it equal to any palace. (pause for 20 seconds)

SCP-3507:  Over my travels I have learned the importance of a peaceful environment. I know firsthand that an agitated environment brings about trouble: physically, mentally, and for the world that lies beyond.

Dr. Tsunesaburo:  It seems you know much about this  Why are you intent on exterminating the beings that exist there?

SCP-3507:  Because they are an antithesis to my being. What difference is there between my father and these creatures? (SCP-3507 shakes its head aggressively) Both manipulate and kill with no regard and only to satisfy their own goals. If I am to say that I am different than my father, allowing the creatures to exist to flourish in their madness is tantamount to ignoring my ideals. Without ideals, what is the difference between us and them? If I am to live, I must abide by my own code.

Dr. Tsunesaburo:  It seems you have you have learned much about the creatures overtime. How exactly do you interact with them?

SCP-3507:  I can only reach this otherworld, by moving within the wind and earth. By aligning my body with virtuous actions and cleansing my soul of baneful sentiments. I only wish to accomplish that which brings me closer to honor. This is the only way to fight them. To counteract their hateful creation with ultimate devotion.

Dr. Tsunesaburo:  Devotion to who?

SCP-3507:  (due to wind rustling SCP-3507 does not hear Dr. Tsunesaburo and continues answering the previous question) You seem to want to learn how to bring peace to the land? I will tell you. (SCP-3507 voice starts to continually raise in volume) Start with loving something with absolute indignation, let the feeling overcome you and its intensity will allow you to reach transcendence as it has me! (At this point appears to flicker and then fade into the ground)


附加记录：    

Incident A-5 : The acute and widespread lack of resources in post-World War 2 Japan caused an extreme hunger crisis throughout Japan. This led to an intensification of Y-class entity activity and capability during the period. On September 8th 19██, SCP-3507 went to the town of Shirakawa in the Gifu prefecture, which, at the time, was completely taken over by Y-class entity A, which is colloquially known as a Tengu. For more information on Y-class entity A's size and combat proficiency please refer to  by Dr. Isoruko.

By the end of the confrontation between Y-class entity A and SCP-3507 there were 17 civilian casualties due to collateral damage. Approximately two days later, SCP-3507 was found dead on the roof of Osaka Castle. The cause of death has been determined to be suicide as the autopsy into SCP-3507's corpse has shown that its injuries are consistent with that of seppuku or ritual suicide by disembowelment.

Footnotes
1. An ōdachi is a sword with a length of more than 100cm.
2. An era of Japan from the years 300 BCE to 300 CE.
3. Ways are portals to the Wanderer's Library.
4. Examples of these include the basement of the Tokyo Imperial Palace and the peak of Mount Hotakadake
5. Kannushi is the name given to Shinto priest. In the 10th century, shinto priests served as both healers for the body and spirit.
6. Tao is the underlying natural order of the Universe in the Taoist belief system.
7. The naidaijin was the  for the ancient Japanese Royal Court.
8. Onmyōji are practitioners of Onmyōdō, which is a type of Japanese occultism group that has, historically, practiced astronomy, divination, and exorcism.
9. This denotes that the meaning is unclear.
10. Kanji is repeated twice
11. Crossed out words/phrases indicate that the kanji was scrawled over.
12. This refers to a mythical sword in Japanese mythology, that was broken apart by Amatersu, the solar goddess of the Shinto religion.
13. Dr. Tsunesaburo has been blind for 35 years.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 23:36
            
            Edit
+40)
Tags
Discuss (9)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Apmoderneuro
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Open CASCADE Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Music and Cyberculture
                      
              MUS 6314 - Topics in Ethnomusicology
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            La Wiki de ManagerZone México
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

