                        


Item #:  SCP-2514

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2514 is to be kept in Area-12, in a containment stable modified with outdoor sound barriers and fireproofing measures. Maintenance of the stable and subject itself is to be carried out by automated systems whenever possible, as to minimize human contact. Any unautomated care is to be fulfilled by a rotating staff of D-Class trained in equestrian care. Any personnel attending to SCP-2514 must be equipped with fire-retardant clothing and hearing protection of 40 NRR. SCP-2514's diet must consist entirely of pure sugar. Research into alternative means of sustenance is pending approval from the site director.

Any D-Class personnel caught consuming SCP-2514's feces are to be reprimanded.

Description:  SCP-2514 is a member of Equus ferus caballus with a weight of 1781. Approximately 10% of the time, SCP-2514 will fail to enter this state properly. When this happens, its pyrotechnics will fail to ignite and its music will be replaced with a high pitched static noise.

SCP-2514's rendition of  has cognitohazardous effects. Subjects who listen to the song in its entirety will experience intrusive thoughts of joyful memories, as well as a strong compulsion to smile. Despite this, subjects report extreme discomfort. These effects are absent in the static produced in failed activation-events.

Exposure to SCP-2514 during activation-events leads to the development of various medical complications, including obesity, hyperglycemia, ADHD, hirsutism, abnormal tissue growths, and [REDACTED]. These effects begin to manifest after 4 activation effects. The disease vector is currently unknown, but SCP-2514's song has been ruled out. Long term trials are currently being held to see if repeated yet infrequent exposure induces these effects.

Testing has shown that SCP-2514 can only derive sustenance from pure sugar. Despite this, it still has all the nutritional requirements of non-anomalous horse of its size. As a result, SCP-2514 has developed various illnesses, including laminitis, colic, and equine metabolic syndrome. Testing has shown that, through anomalous means, the sugar consumed by SCP-2514 is converted into chocolate cake and lemonade, in lieu of typical waste products.

SCP-2514 was recovered from Portland, Maine, USA, after reported sightings of  in the city's outskirts.

Addendum:  Below is the version of  that plays during activation events.



Happy notdeathday for you.

Happy notdeathday for you.

Happy notdeathday caribou Jeremy Huertes.

Happy notdeathday for you.
附加记录：    

Addendum:  On 2016/06/29, SCP-2514 began playing the traditional version of  instead of its original composition, coinciding with the song's entry into the public domain the day prior.

Addendum:  During a containment breach on 20██/██/██, Agents John and Jane ███████ were killed in the line of duty. After the breach, their reanimated corpses were found wandering SCP-2514's stable. These entities have been tentatively given the designation of SCP-2514-1. The SCP-2514-1 were not responsive to any stimuli, and deteriorated within 24 hours. They constantly repeated the phrases 2

Research into recreating SCP-2514-1 is currently ongoing.

Addendum:  On 20██/██/██, the following message was found on the desk of Project-Manager-2514, Emma Lister.



To our esteemed collectors, the Fun-dation:

On behalf of her Majoysty Dr. ██████ █████ █████████ ███████ Wondertainment █, who is too be busy crying her Doctor Wondertainment Super-Sight EyesTM out to make this letter all the more personal with trademark Wondertainment SincerityTM, we both commend your Wondertainment Brand-LoyaltyTM, and condemn your Wondertainment Cat-Killing-CuriosityTM. Dr. Wondertainment's Make-the-Tears-Go-Away PonyTM is a Wondertainment Veritably-Indubitably-Personal-GiftTM, not meant for mass production and mass fun. Not only that, it was done super-speedy-fast to meet the not-alive-line of our most valued non-paying-customer! As such, Dr. Wondertainment's Make-the-Tears-Go-Away PonyTM is an unfinished product, with no WonderWarrantyTM and no Super-Safety-TestingTM. If you could kindly unbuy our Make-the-Tears-Go-Away PonyTM within a business lifetime, we would forever be in your emotional debt!

Eternally Wonderful

████████ (Secretary of Sincerity)

███████████ (Publisher for Public Relations)
附加记录：    

Footnotes
here.
2. Verbal trademarking is a known and understood memetic effect. For further information, contact your site's Memetics Division Liaison.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            23 May 2020 07:51
            
            Edit
+66)
Tags
Discuss (29)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Chrysalis
                      
              A Final Fantasy Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Οι επιπτώσεις του Φαινομένου του Θερμοκηπίου στην Κρήτη
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Coffeetime Extra
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Star Wars: Age of Might
                      
              My Star Wars Saga
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

