                        




A gathering of SCP-414-1, taken in 1935.



Item #:  SCP-414

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-414 is currently uncontained; containment efforts focus upon mitigating media attention and providing social work programs to demographics targeted by SCP-414. Individuals affected by SCP-414 iterations must be dosed with Class-B amnestics upon recovery and are to be kept under observation. Individuals reaching the final stage of SCP-414-2 are to be contacted by a Foundation social work front company; individuals under final stage SCP-414-2 are to be treated with tri-weekly talk therapy and trained animal companions where applicable.

As it is beyond the Foundation's resources to perform surveillance on every possible target of SCP-414, records from social work organizations and mental health care centers are to be trawled for SCP-414 phenomena where possible. Any media reporting of SCP-414 phenomena are to be removed and a cover story provided; a list of applicable cover stories can be found in Document 414-B.

A cure for SCP-414-2 is to be considered the highest priority after successful and complete containment. - Doctor Alice Ogawa, Principal SCP-414 Researcher

Description:  SCP-414 is a phenomenon that targets asocial humans and is categorized into two derivative effects, SCP-414-1 and SCP-414-2. The asociality may range from minor introversion to complete isolation. SCP-414 primarily affects individuals under the NEET1 demographic with no regional preferences. SCP-414 begins when a humanoid in a circular mask, referred to as SCP-414-1, appears in front of a targeted human. SCP-414-1 typically claims to be an employee for a local social work organization.

SCP-414-1 are uniformly tall humanoids wearing circular masks and clothing that covers the whole body. SCP-414-1 only appear when attempting to contact a targeted individual and disappear after successful contact has occurred. SCP-414-1 is believed to have a single collective consciousness capable of sapience, cognizance, and intelligence.

SCP-414-2 is a chronic, degenerative condition resulting from any successful interaction between a targeted subject and an instance of SCP-414-1. Successful interaction occurs when SCP-414-1 has a successful face-to-face conversation2 or contact with a targeted subject.

A subject that has contracted SCP-414-2 undergoes 4 stages lasting between 2 and 276 days, with a 5th stage believed to be permanent. Individuals who are under 30 years of age, or who received SCP-414-2 through physical contact, progress through stages at an accelerated rate.

OverviewSCP-414-2'

Close414-2-A


Stage One:  Subject feels increasingly lonely. Coping mechanisms not involving face-to-face interaction to distract from loneliness causes an increase of feeling. Subject experiences a loss of pleasure when participating in solitary activities. Stage One advances when the subject interacts with another human to alleviate loneliness.
Stage Two:  Subject experiences a total loss of pleasure when participating in activities not involving in-person interactions with others. Subject begins to have difficulty in recalling events in their life that contributed significantly to their sense of self but is cognizant of and can recall having such events. Stage Two advances when the subject interacts with other humans at least once every 7 days.
Stage Three:  Subject is incapable of feeling fulfillment unless interacting with other humans once every 5 days. They are unable to recall ever enjoying solitary activity or their life before the age of 13. Subjects remain cognizant of this inability. Their sense of self is reduced. Stage Three advances when the subject participates in social events at least once every 7 days.
Stage Four:  Subject is incapable of feeling fulfillment without interacting with other humans once every 45 hours. They are unable to recall having significant relationships lasting more than 2 years and are cognizant of this inability. Any sense of self is reduced to name, gender, age, and current emotional state. Subject usually becomes highly productive to feel fulfillment, participating in a range of social activities such as volunteering and hosting gatherings. The circumstances to advance Stage Four are currently unknown.
Stage Five:  This is currently considered the final stage. Subject develops hallucinations and sensations of being physically hollow or empty when not currently participating in social activities, causing them to become upset when not in proximity to another person for any length of time over fifteen minutes. They are unable to recall having significant relationships and are cognizant of this inability. At least ███ individuals have been confirmed to have reached Stage Five.


For a list of confirmed SCP-414-2 cases and extensive description, please refer to Document 414-2-A. Notable cases of SCP-414-2 are 414-2-Macgyver-Jacob, the current oldest case, and 414-Kyong- Myung, with the shortest recorded interval between diagnosis and suicide of 48 hours.




There is no cure or treatment available beyond coping mechanisms. SCP-414-2 has a fatality rate of 46.78% over 5 years and 67.84% over 10 years. Individuals over the age of 40 have significantly higher fatality rates of 87.23% over 5 years and 93.85% over 10 years. All fatalities are a result of suicide.

09/12/2014 Incident 414-A:  At 06:02 Doctor Eliza Chuang, then-Principal SCP-414 Research Scientist, was contacted by three SCP-414-1. Dr. Chuang had a successful conversation, transcribed below. Dr. Chuang was succeeded by their primary assistant, Doctor Alice Ogawa, immediately after Incident 414-A.

Despite constant social interaction and animal companionship, Dr. Chuang committed suicide on 09/03/2015, 965 days after advancing to Stage 5 SCP-414-2.

Transcript414-A

ClickTranscript




[BEGIN LOG] 

[06:02]  3 SCP-414-1 humanoids appear at Dr. Chuang's office door. Dr. Chuang can be seen walking to their office. Dr. Chuang stops upon seeing the group of SCP-414-1.

[6:03]  The group of SCP-414-1 move towards Dr. Chuang at a speed of approximately 1 meter per second. One SCP-414-1 humanoid grasps Dr. Chuang by the wrist as they attempt to leave. Dr. Chuang begins to struggle and shout for assistance.

[6:04]  Security arrives. Dr. Chuang can be seen waving their free arm and shouting  Security draws weapons and aims at the group of SCP-414-1 but do not fire. Dr. Chuang turns back to the group of SCP-414-1.

[6:06]  Dr. Chuang, calmly: 

[6:08]  SCP-414-1, in unison: 

[6:10]  Dr. Chuang: 

[6:12]  SCP-414-1, in unison: 

[6:14]  Dr. Chuang, agitatedly: 

[6:15]  SCP-414-1, recoiling collectively: 

[6:16]  Dr. Chuang:  Dr. Chuang can be seen attempting to free themself from the grip on their arm.

[6:15]  SCP-414-1, in unison: 

[6:17]  Dr. Chuang attempts to speak, but an SCP-414-1 instance puts a gloved finger to their lips. The instance pets Dr. Chuang's head and presses its mask against the side of their head, accompanied by a kissing sound.

[6:18]  The group of SCP-414-1 produces a flash of light and the camera feed cuts for 0.3 seconds. When the feed is returned, all SCP-414-1 instances are missing. Dr. Chuang kneels on the floor, head in hands.

[END LOG] 
附加记录：    




Transcript414-56

ClickTranscript




Interviewed:  Doctor Eliza Chuang

Interviewer:  Doctor Alice Ogawa

Foreword:  This interview occurs 35 days after Dr. Chuang is confirmed to have entered Stage 5 SCP-414-2.

[BEGIN LOG] 

Dr. Ogawa:  Good morning. Dr. Chuang. How are you feeling?

Dr. Chuang:  (excitedly) Good morning! Your face is so ah, it matters little! You are here, it is good to see you!

Dr. Ogawa:  Could you explain what you were about to say regarding my face?

Dr. Chuang:  (calming down) Ah, just. It was so someone. An assistant, I had an assistant. But I don't remember them.

Dr. Ogawa:  I see. How do you feel when you remember that you used to remember?

Dr. Chuang:  It is an unpleasant emotion, definitely. I remember that I used to know and feel so much. I once had a past, but it's gone now. I used to have a project. But that's gone, now. It's all gone. But enough about me. What's important to you? Tell me more about yourself.

Dr. Ogawa:  My research is important to me. It was the life work of my mentor and now it's become mine. It's what connects me to them.

Dr. Chuang:  It's good, you have something to believe in. That's necessary- someone always has to believe in something, with all their being, that's how humanity makes progress. Individuals pursuing what they believe in. Where's your mentor now?

Dr. Ogawa:  (quietly) No longer with me, as I understand it.

Dr. Chuang:  How unfortunate I'm so sorry. Can I help you? Maybe be your assistant? Or keep you company in the laboratories. As I understand, they can get very quiet and lonely.

Dr. Ogawa:  (begins to get up) Thank you for the offer but I think we're done now.

Dr. Chuang:  Wait! Please, wait just a moment. Could you at least tell me your name?

Dr. Ogawa:  (leaving, quietly) Alice. Just Alice.

Dr. Chuang:  I'm glad to have known you, Alice. I'm sure, this research is stressful for you. I'm sure you've made your mentor proud and, I think, that's what an assistant would want, is to succeed their mentor?

Dr. Ogawa:  (whispering) Not as much as I want them back (louder) Thank you for your kind words. Good bye.

Dr. Chuang:  Goodbye! (smiling widely, waving) Keep your head high. It'll get better. Have faith.

[END LOG] 

Closing Statement:  Dr. Ogawa no longer performs routine interviews with Dr. Chuang. Routine interviews will be conducted by Dr. K███ M██.
附加记录：    




Footnotes
1. Not in Education, Employment, or Training
2. a successful conversation is defined by at least one spoken phrase and one spoken reply








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Sep 2018 12:05
            
            Edit
+307)
Tags
Discuss (57)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            RSC Institution
                      
              Research, Secure, Contain
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Το Ίδρυμα SCP
                      
              Ελληνόφωνος Κλάδος
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiWealth
                      
              Stock, ETF and Mutual Fund Ratings | Commodity, Currency Research
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            the money making encyclopedia
                      
              Make money with us and have a fun
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

