                        




Equipment related to SCP-2082



Item #:  SCP-2082

Object Class:  Neutralized

Special Containment Procedures:  All known samples of SCP-2082's DNA are to be stored in standard biological containment units, located in Site-190. Non-anomalous counterfeits are to be distributed to major scientific organizations which believe they possess portions of SCP-2082. All attempts to create this technology outside of the Foundation is to be hampered by embedded agents within the scientific community. The equipment required to create an instance of SCP-2082 is to be kept in a disassembled state, and stored within Site-77.

Description:  SCP-2082 is an extinct subspecies of the animal known as the woolly mammoth (Mammuthus primigenius). When living, it had shoulder heights between 2.7 and 3.4m and weighed up to 6 tonnes. It has been extinct for approximately 4,000 years, with most of the population having died off 10,000 years ago.

Observation of the SCP-2082 instance has been limited. No accurate gauge of SCP-2082's appearance has been made to date, due to the destructive effect of SCP-2082 on the world around it. When an instance of SCP-2082 is created, there is an immediate alteration to the local temperature of every space within 250 meters of its body. Surface temperatures will instantly drop to -10°C, usually resulting in the death of any subjects within range. As SCP-2082 instances move, the effect moves with them, while also continuing to affect the areas they previously inhabited.

Once SCP-2082's effect has covered an area greater than 20 square meters, the area around it will exude large amounts of ice and sleet from all solid surfaces, in a manner similar to SCP-649. In addition, SCP-2082's area of effect will increase to a radius of 1km 4 minutes after this threshold is reached. The sleet and ice will be continuously produced by SCP-2082 until the affected area resembles blizzard conditions. SCP-2082 is immune to the direct results of its own effect.

Development of the technology which resulted in the creation of SCP-2082 began in 1962, when the Foundation developed cloning technology to recreate specimens of SCP-2082, by use of the tissue and other frozen preserved remains which had been purchased from museums and acquired from SCP-2706. The project was led and directed by Dr. Ascher, and a small team of researchers at Research Area 908. Between October, 1962 and June, 1983, they attempted to create a replica of SCP-2082 using technological means. The technology used to create SCP-2082 was not anomalous, and the purpose of the research project was intended to shed light on the process of cloning.

Currently, all research into cloning additional species of animal has been discontinued, due to the massive destruction caused by Incident 2082-Prime.

Addendum:  File 2082-01: Documents recovered from external Site-62-B, regarding Incident 2082-Prime. Documents were an automatic backup, as all original data was destroyed.



Final testing entry: July 4th, 1983. Authored by Researcher Stevens, Junior Researcher Boyd, and remotely supervised by Agent Fredericks.

Initial testing of the cloning device has resulted in total disaster. Testing facility has been reduced to frozen ashes, with all primary research personnel presumed to be dead. Site lockdown has been initiated, and it has been assumed by the remaining research team that the on-site nuclear device will be activated if any more damage occurs. It is reasonable to assume this will be the case.

The entity which emerged from the testing chamber appears to be the cloned specimen, a juvenile (Mammuthus primigenius). Immediately upon opening the chamber doors, the temperatures dropped to -10°C within the entire facility.

If this note is recovered by Foundation personnel, please note that the entity did not appear to have any significant physical traits, other than being immune to their own effect. A[DATA INTERRUPTED]
附加记录：    

Following recovery operations, and cleanup of Research Area 908, the carcass of SCP-2082 was found about a kilometer away from the site. An autopsy indicated that it had died of an aortic aneurysm, due to imperfections of the cloning process.








‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  medium-new.jpg

Name:  Joensuu broadcasting station, equipment made in Yleisradio's workshop in Helsinki, 1938

Author:  Archives of the Finnish Broadcasting Company Yle

License:  Public Domain

Source Link:  Link
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                thermal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            27 Aug 2020 01:51
            
            Edit
+180)
Tags
Discuss (42)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Trading With The Flow!!!
                      
              The Art of Trading the NOW
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            LegendSpring
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot URL shortener
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Game Design Novice
                      
              Learn to make video games.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

