                        









Link To Guide
Item#: 5431
Clearance


Containment Class:  esoteric



Secondary Class:  cernunnos




#/vlam



#/notice




Special Containment Procedures:  Due to the unpredictability of SCP-5431 events, prohibitive costs associated with mass application of amnestics, and the relatively harmless effects of the anomaly, containment of SCP-5431 has been indefinitely suspended.

Foundation personnel have been deployed to major medical organizations, and tasked with ensuring SCP-5431 remains classified as a medical mystery with no known cause. Funding for research involving SCP-5431 is to be discouraged.

Foundation researchers will continue investigating SCP-5431 events, as well as interviewing and examining individuals capable of perceiving them.



René Descartes, theorized to have first described SCP-5431.



Description:  SCP-5431 is a phenomenon known to occur within discrete higher-dimensional spaces. Current Foundation consensus indicates that static electricity discharge between two (or more) higher-dimensional bodies could be responsible, but more research is necessary before SCP-5431 can be fully explained.

As these events occur at considerable distance other anomalies suggesting that interaction with higher-dimensional spaces can be achieved either immediately before, or during sleep.

Individuals who observe SCP-5431 events (henceforth referred to as SCP-5431-0) report hearing or experiencing loud noises as they are falling asleep or waking up. Instances of SCP-5431-0 exhibit strong, often frightened emotional reactions to the sound, but do not report significant pain.

Around 10 percent of all SCP-5431-0 instances also experience visual disturbances like perceiving visual static, lightning, or flashes of light. Some also experience heat, strange feelings in their torso, or a feeling of electrical tinglings that ascends to the head before auditory phenomena is observed.

AddendumSCP-5431

HideAddendum


In his 1691 biography of French philosopher René Descartes, author Adrien Baillet described the following episode, occurring on the night of November 10, 1619, just before Descartes fell asleep:




附加记录：    

Collaboration with Foundation researcher Abidemi Idowu Otaiku at the University of Southampton School of Medicine has indicated a high degree of likelihood that this  was really an SCP-5431 event.




AddendumSCP-5431

HideAddendum


Following the events described in Addendum 5431.01, René Descartes went on to found the Foundation precursor known as La Camarilla pour L'Enquête de la Première Philosophie ('The Chamber for Investigation of the First Philosophy'), also simply called 'the Camarilla.' Before its collapse in 1649 due to internal personality conflicts, the Camarilla recruited several leading scientists and philosophers in France and the Netherlands. These included Descartes' long-time friend Isaac Beeckman, celebrated polyglot Anna Maria van Schurman, and French statesman Cardinal Pierre de Bérulle.

In subsequently-suppressed portions of his work Traité des Énergumènes ('Treatise on the Possessed'), Cardinal Bérulle would argue in favor of parallel spaces to our own reality as a possilble source of demonic possession. Bérulle also argued that these spaces occasionally intersected our own, and hostility to the Christian faith enabled these spaces to interact with one another.

Descartes would later return to this hypothesis shortly before his death in 1650, as a possible explanation for his now-famous thought-provoking dreams, but it would not be until Ludwig Schläfli and Bernhard Riemann established the basics of higher-dimension mathematics that the idea would be taken seriously by Foundation precursor Kaiserliches Deutsches Prüfamt für Paranormale Angelegenheiten(KDPPA).

In 20██, the Foundation would observe higher-dimensional spaces firsthand through the use of imaging techniques developed by Foundation Researcher Dr. Roderick Argent. Further investigation would prove the existence of SCP-5431.




Footnotes
1. No, we still don't have a decent word we can use to describe this spatial relationship. If you have suggestions, contact the Conlanging Department at ext. 6876. - Dr. Richie Hernandez, Senior Researcher for SCP-5431








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            23 Jul 2020 09:34
            
            Edit
+25)
Tags
Discuss (5)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Khais personal knowledge vault.
                      
              Materials on this site are not original. When possible, references to original articles are listed on each page.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Oracle Database
                      
              All things oracle...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Masonic
                      
              A Freemasons Compendium
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Marvel Revolution MUCK
                      
              Join the Revolution
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

