                        




SCP-2323-A-07 with non-anomalous prey



Item #:  SCP-2323

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  At least one healthy mated pair of SCP-2323-A must be contained. Free-flight hunting and live feeding is required for continued maintenance of SCP-2323. Standard outdoor netted aviary enclosure (including mews) is sufficient for containment. Use standard avian cages to house SCP-2323-A specimens as required for enclosure maintenance, veterinary care, inclement weather, transport, or research. The enclosed grounds must include a variety of insect-pollinated flowering plants. Enclosure must include a minimum of 1m above ground (with 0.25 meters minimum spacing between strands).

All SCP-2323-A specimens must be tagged with standard ornithological tracking tags, microchips, and GPS transponders. Specimens that breach containment must be recovered or destroyed immediately. Any Lanius excubitor specimen that has been exposed to SCP-2323 and is not required for maintenance of this SCP or for research should be destroyed.

NOTE: This SCP does not contain the anomalous prey entities of SCP-2323. These appear to be present in the environment wherever insect-pollinated blooms occur [see 1].

Description:  SCP-2323 is an anomalous behavior in great grey shrikes (Lanius excubitor). It is memetic in the host species, and is both learnable and transmissible (successful transmission rate of 64% to wild-caught mates and 87% to captive-raised offspring)[see 2]. Carrier organisms (designated SCP-2323-A) are otherwise non-anomalous specimens of L. excubitor, presenting typical vital signs and observable behaviors.

While SCP-2323-A specimens will demonstrate non-anomalous hunting and feeding, using both natural thorns and barbed wire to impale prey,1].

Starting in 1986 (the third year of containment), circular clearings with a mean radius of 0.36 meters have appeared annually in the enclosures. These clearings are surrounded by a ring of fungal fruiting bodies of a species of non-anomalous macrofungi already present in the environment, and contain anomalous objects (see Addendum- Excerpt from Document SCP-2323-D). These anomalies appear at night, typically between March and August, with the highest frequency occurring between April 20th and May 10th. Neither video surveillance or direct observation has been able to observe these clearings being made or the objects appearing; these phenomena occur only when and where observation is not being made. Continuous video observation of the enclosure fully prevents manifestation of these anomalies.

Currently a mating pair (SCP-2323-A-07 and A-10) is contained at Site-██ with offspring (A-12, A-13, and A-14). A second pair (SCP-2323-A-09 and A-11) is contained at Site-██. SCP-2323-A-08, an adult male, is being used for research at Site-██.

Addendum-Excerpt from Document SCP-2323-D:  The following items were recovered from a circular clearing (with a radius of 0.41m) in the enclosure containing SCP-2323-A-03 and SCP-2323-A-04 in May of 1988. These items are typical of objects that appear within this SCP during spring.

A rectangular limestone block, 155mm.
A cured hide of the common vole (Microtus arvalis), found draped over the block. Bloodstains in this hide corresponded to the unknown blood found on wire barbs in the same SCP enclosure.
Two 80mm) on each end. These loops contained traces of the anomalous mammalian blood.
A 403mm from the center of the limestone block, perpendicular to its longitudinal axis.


Addendum SCP-2323-G: 

Analysis of the regurgitated pellets of SCP-2323-A specimens:

56% of material recovered from analyzed pellets consists of non-anomalous material such as rodent fur and bones as well as undigested chitin fragments. The remaining material is anomalous:

7% consists of undigested cured animal hides (primarily rodents) and woven textiles made from spider-silk and plant fibers.
6% consists of stone tools (average mass 1.4g) showing advanced neolithic techniques, including knives, arrowheads, and spear-points.
31% consists of bone fragments, which other than size (mean length 1.5mm) are identical to human specimens.


Footnotes
1. Shrikes are passerines (songbirds) and lack the talons of other birds of prey. They feed by impaling their prey on thorns and tearing it apart with their beaks.
SCP-2952.


Bibliography
1. Ryan, Uwe, and Watanabe, Anomalous Hunting Behavior in Lanius excubitor, Journal of Biological Anomalies, Foundation Internal Publication, March 1987.
2. Ryan, Uwe, and Watanabe, Memetic Transmission of Anomalous Hunting Behavior by Lanius excubitor, Journal of Biological Anomalies, Foundation Internal Publication, January 1991.









‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  Lanius_excubitor_1_(Marek_Szczepanek).jpg

Name:  Lanius excubitor 1 (Marek Szczepanek).jpg

Author:  Marek Szczepanek

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  Wikimedia
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            21 Sep 2020 16:44
            
            Edit
+192)
Tags
Discuss (70)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Star Wars: Age of Might
                      
              My Star Wars Saga
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Algadon
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            iaac emergent culture glossary
                      
              words, words, words
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Liminal Sandbox
                      
              Sandbox for the Liminal Archives
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

