                        


Item Tag:  SCP-4816

Item Class:  Safe Neutralized (Provisional)

Special Containment Procedures:  Several digital copies of SCP-4816 are securely stored within the Foundation database and are actively watched by embedded system bots. All other found digital copies of SCP-4816 have been erased.

Several physical copies of SCP-4816 are stored within a secure containment locker at Site-19.

Access to the digital and/or physical copies of SCP-4816 must be approved by a Level-3 Researcher.

Description:  SCP-4816 is a non-anomalous photo which displays a doorway and a white text phrase. SCP-4816 was previously capable of altering its contents, and altered to its current state on July 7th, 2018. SCP-4816 previously displayed PoI-6888 . Where SCP-4816 was photographed is currently unknown, but is believed to have been in a facility or private home.

See Addendum 1 for further details.

Addendum 1:  When SCP-4816 was initially discovered, it was believed to posess anomalous properties. Following extensive research, however, SCP-4816 was deemed non-anomalous and briefly reclassified to a GoI artifact, though SCP documentation was kept for reference. Following this designation, a search was initiated across the United States on July 5th, 2018, utilizing field agents and Foundation webcrawlers, in search of PoI-6888 using SCP-4816 and several copies of it.

38 hours following initiation of the search, SCP-4816's contents were altered. SCP-4816 no longer showed PoI-6888 and had a white text phrase in his place. All digital and physical copies of SCP-4816 were equally altered. The national search was subsequently cancelled, and SCP-4816 was promptly reclassified . Following further research and several months of inactivity, however, SCP-4816 was given its current object class. SCP-4816 has not exhibited anomalous behavior since, and is being considered for a second reclassification.

Addendum 2:  SCP-4816 was initially discovered in a GoI-5869 chatroom by Foundation chatbots. The chat logs discussing SCP-4816 are documented below.

Below is a log from a chatroom including all GoI-5869 members.



kkrule:  me irl :)

+block

–block





lesbian_gengar:  LMAO

DonDeLillo:  you fucking idiot

gaycopmp4:  hot

bluntfiend:  Cool, man.

jockjamsvol6:  Nice pic @kkrule! Congrats on showers and clean clothes too. Is that a new phone?

kkrule:  thanks! yes i won it at contest and got a shower and hair cut so i wanted show everything off yknow

bluntfiend:  As long as you know what you're in for. I'm sure you'll manage, not gonna dad you.

jockjamsvol6:  What Jude said. Just be careful. I wouldn't have the guts to post selfies and risk privacy, but it's sweet you wanted to do it anyways for us!

kkrule:  is there a problem?

gaycopmp4:  not really, its fine

kkrule:  nice附加记录：    

Below is a log from private messages between PoI-6888 and PoI-6894 2.



DonDeLillo:  Hey listen up.

kkrule:  eyy Don! sorry i was busy gaming what is it

DonDeLillo:  so you clearly had no clue what jj and jude were talking about

DonDeLillo:  somehow I was the only one who could tell

DonDeLillo:  you do know the foundation has enough resources to pretty much watch every conversation we have, right? They have your photo now

DonDeLillo:  they’re probably looking for you as we speak

DonDeLillo:  Like they said its up to you, but I suggest you fix that shit you dumb fuck

kkrule:  OMG YOUR RIGHT! i didnt even think about that!

kkrule:  ok i fixed it. Thanks so much for looking out for me btw! i know ur always mean to me in chat but you really are a good caring person in the heart :)

DonDeLillo:  oh fuck you
NEW MESSAGE, 00:23:16 LATER 

DonDeLillo:  thanks
附加记录：    

Footnotes
GoI-5869 Dossier
2.  — GoI-5869 Dossier








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 21:38
            
            Edit
+92)
Tags
Discuss (24)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Killing Floor Map Database
                      
              KFMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Puppet中文wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Employment Network of SB
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

