                        




SCP-3260-A/3 is affected by SCP-████ due to misinterpretation of containment procedures.



Item #:  SCP-3260

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  All instances of SCP-3260-A should be interrogated and exposed to SCP documents matching their previously assigned clearance in order to ascertain the degree of perceptive dissonance displayed by them. After such procedures are conducted, instances of SCP-3260-A may receive amnestic treatment and be reassigned to non-critical positions within suitable Foundation front companies.

All Foundation facilities should be monitored for signs of SCP-3260.

Description:  SCP-3260 is a visuocognitive affliction affecting Foundation personnel exclusively. When in contact with official SCP documentation, an individual (SCP-3260-A) suffering from SCP-3260 will perceive the information contained therein differently from depicted, resulting in a perceptual discrepancy that may lead said individual to breach protocol, intentionally compromise containment measures, and perform other assorted actions based on the inaccurate interpretation of the relevant document(s).

The nature of the perceptual discrepancy experienced by instances of SCP-3260-A varies, but recurrently entails false and/or misleading information.

As of ██/██/████, ██ cases of SCP-3260 have been identified among Foundation assets worldwide. Project Proxy currently coordinates all research efforts concerning SCP-3260 - Priority Aleph research subjects assigned to it include:

Identification of the vector through which SCP-3260 is transmitted, if existent.


Identification of personnel particularly susceptible to SCP-3260, if applicable.


Countermeasures to SCP-3260.


No obvious pattern has been established between confirmed cases of SCP-3260 at this time, both in regards to individuals affected and discrepancies observed.

Addendum:  Abridged SCP-3260 Case Report - Appropriate Clearance Required



Afflicted:  SCP-3260-A/1

Previous Clearance:  Level 2, Junior Researcher

Document Summary:  SCP-████. Euclid. Dis-2 thaumaturgical entity. SCP-████ is aggressive towards all non-Tartarean lifeforms, and was responsible for at least 7 casualties before containment was established.

Report:  First reported case of SCP-3260. SCP-3260-A/1 was detained after it repeatedly attempted to assign a cleaning crew to SCP-████'s enclosure. All containment cells housing aggressive SCP objects must be sanitized remotely as per standard Foundation protocol.

When interrogated, SCP-3260-A/1 expressed confusion, citing the respective SCP document as the basis for its decision. Printed copies of SCP-████'s special containment procedures were then provided to SCP-3260-A/1, who was asked to read them out loud. SCP-3260-A/1's reading contained a non-existent addendum describing , in which SCP-3260 was supposedly fed an experimental compound, rendering it docile.
附加记录：    



Afflicted:  SCP-3260-A/7

Previous Clearance:  Level 4, Site-27 Director

Document Summary:  SCP-███. Safe. A humanoid Class II essokinetic entity. SCP-███ has been cooperative since containment in ██/██/████ and was reclassified as Safe after the introduction of Lang/Scantron-based devices to mainstream containment doctrine. SCP-███ is paraplegic.

Report:  SCP-3260-A/7 received an updated copy of SCP-███ documentation following its reclassification, as per protocol. Upon reviewing the document, SCP-3260-A/7 alerted MTF Eta-10 of a possible containment breach, citing suspicion that personnel assigned clearance 3/███ might have been under the effect of an unknown cognitohazard.

After no evidence of such contagion was discovered, SCP-3260-A/7 was questioned. Like in previous cases, SCP-3260-A/7 made allegations that had no correlation to SCP-███'s actual containment procedures. Among them, SCP-3260-A/7 claimed the document called for unwarranted torture of SCP-███, including [REDACTED], in direct violation of multiple directives of the Ethics Committee. At this point in time, no further containment measures are necessary.
附加记录：    



Afflicted:  SCP-3260-A/9

Previous Clearance:  Level 3, MTF █████-█ Operative

Document Summary:  SCP-███ (-█, -█). Keter. Humanoid entity that actively attempts to breach containment. Capable of inducing unclassified, non-thaumaturgical/essokinetic anomalous phenomena. Hostile to all human beings. Highly resistant to firearms.

Report:  SCP-3260-A/9 communicated desire to cease Foundation employ after receiving a digital copy of SCP-███'s containment procedures. According to SCP-3260-A/9, the document mentioned Project ███████ ███, a hypothetical initiative to incorporate SCP-███-█ to MTF █████-█'s roster. No plans to weaponize SCP-███-█ currently exist, given the anomaly's Gimel classification following the most recent Thaumiel Review. No mention of Project ███████ ███ among Aleph and Bet Thaumiel applications is present in mainstream Foundation databases.
附加记录：    



Afflicted:  SCP-3260-A/21

Previous Clearance:  Overseer

Document Summary:  SCP-███. Keter. Highly adaptive organism capable of anomalous regeneration of its biomass. Regeneration process often accompanied by violent, unpredictable phenomena. [REDACTED].

Report:  SCP-3260-A/21 brought attention to SCP-███ during [REDACTED], when the improvement of containment measures was being discussed. At this point, it was discovered that SCP-3260-A/21 had authorized several attempts to neutralize SCP-███ through the use of other SCP objects. Such requests were sent by SCP-3260-A/22, SCP-3260-A/23 and SCP-3260-A/24, then senior researchers not known to have been affected by SCP-3260.

The incident marks the first observed case wherein multiple instances of SCP-3260-A shared an identical perception of a SCP document. At this time, neutralization of SCP-███ is deemed unnecessary, following the successful development of Compound LZ-05.
附加记录：    


RAISA DATABASE INTEGRITY WARNING


This is the only accurate version of this document. As of ██/██/████, SCP-3260 has not been neutralized and no inoculation process exists. SCP-3260 is not a Dis-5 thaumaturgical entity. SCP-3260's can only instigate a XK Class End-of-the-World Scenario by potentially compromising critical Foundation assets.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 21:05
            
            Edit
+46)
Tags
Discuss (12)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            .flow
                      
              Rusting Away
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            My Heaven Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SMD超现实管制处
                      
              异常 中转 管理
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Thymio  Aseba
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

