                        





Item #:  SCP-1496

Object Class:  Neutralized (formerly Safe)

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1496 is to be kept in a small-item locker in Site-102. At this time, SCP-1496 is believed neutralized. Nonetheless, it is to remain in Safe-class containment until neutralization can be definitively confirmed.

Description:  SCP-1496 is a place setting, comprising a plate and several items of silverware. It no longer displays any ongoing anomalous properties, although records it has affected in the past remain in their affected state.

SCP-1496 was recovered in a raid on the offices of an urban literary collective in Quebec, Canada.

Prioronly.

Accessgranted.


Item #:  SCP-1496

Object Class:  Safe



Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1496 is to be kept in its own small-item locker at Site-102 unless tests are in progress. Given the fascinating nature of the item, it is envisaged that testing will be frequent. As such, for testing purposes the item is to be placed in a standard humanoid containment cell with the participant and, optionally, something to garnish SCP-1496-1. The experiences engendered by SCP-1496 need no cheap gimmicks; therefore, please note that no living being is to be placed on SCP-1496-1 without Senior Researcher approval.

Description:  SCP-1496, which consists of a dinner plate (SCP-1496-1) and accompanying silverware, is the single most appealing item the Foundation has yet contained. SCP-1496-1 is of bone-white china, so fine it is almost transparent; elegant accents set off the flawlessness of its ceramic work to perfection. The eating utensils that accompany it, wrought of the finest silver, are similarly exquisite.

SCP-1496 displays several refreshingly interesting anomalous properties. Firstly, it compels anyone seated before it to review, whether by writing, art or dictation, anything placed on SCP-1496-1. These reviews will match the natural tone and voice of the participant. If the participant is later asked about their review, they will be unable to remember anything except having very strong opinions, thereby preserving an element of mystery.

Further, it is impossible to make any sort of record of SCP-1496 itself other than as a review-like account. Fundamental details, such as that SCP-1496-1 is generally circular, will generally remain constant; finer details, such as the fish knife's wonderfully precise edge, will not.

Reviews and accounts produced via the magic of SCP-1496 invariably exist in a state of superpositional flux, having a 50% chance of appearing either highly enthusiastic or highly dismissive. Unfortunately, no more types of review have been recorded.

SCP-1496 was rescued from the offices of a radical urban-culture fanzine () in Montreal, Canada, after a Foundation raid prompted by reports that the fanzine's notoriously polemical reviews had begun to spontaneously change upon re-reading.

Selected Results of Experiment Series SCP-1496-E5: 

Experiment: 1496-E5q 

Participant:  Dr. Katzen

Object used:  One meatloaf sandwich from Site-102 cafeteria

Medium of response:  Dictated to observing personnel

Excerpts from result: 




附加记录：    




附加记录：    

Experiment: 1496-E5a 

Participant:  Dr. Trebuchet

Object used:  Nothing (SCP-1496-1 empty)

Medium of response:  Dr. Trebuchet made entries in her laboratory notebook, per her usual experimental practice.

Result (translated from French): 



Observed plate, per procedure. Plate appeared empty. Clever choice - minimalist. Upon closer inspection, noted area of gaseous mixture immediately above plate: roughly 78% N / 21% O. Inspired - if must imitate, imitate one of the greats. Inhaled mixture; amazing effects: transmission of oxygen across the membranes of lungs and into bloodstream. Extended my lifespan (anomalous effect?). Summary: would def. breathe again.
附加记录：    

Experiment 1496-E5s 

Participant:  D-6464, who has a developmental age of circa 6yo and has expressed a mild dislike of vegetables.

Object used:  Raw carrot

Medium of response:  Drawing/text, using provided photocopier paper and marker pens

Result: 

附加记录：    




    
    
    
    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Apr 2020 15:54
            
            Edit
+143)
Tags
Discuss (85)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Aetherium Enterprise
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            错误修正局
                      
              修正之名，守护世界
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Design  Illustration
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Backrooms Sandbox
                      
              When your Sandbox just gets too Backrooms
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

