                        





Item #:  SCP-5931

Containment Class:  Strife

Special Containment Procedures:  News and law enforcement reports are to be monitored for information on SCP-5931. Should deaths caused by SCP-5931 be detected, witnesses are to be amnesticized and coronary reports are to be altered to hide the true cause of death under Cover Story ) has been dispatched to infiltrate news agencies, local law enforcement, the FBI, and criminal organizations.

Investigations are currently ongoing for the cause of SCP-5931.

Description:  SCP-5931 refers to a phenomenon present in New York City. SCP-5931 causes the sudden manifestation of bullets in the brain of affected subjects, resulting in death by seizure. All bullets recovered from affected subjects have a skull engraved on them. No entry point from a bullet has been discovered.

So far, SCP-5931 has solely affected members of organized crime.
List of SCP-5931 occurrences: 



Name
Occupation
Date of SCP-5931 Occurence
Description of Circumstances
Note


Charles 'Lucky' Luciano
High-ranking member of Joe Masseria's criminal organization
March 1, 1931
Affected by SCP-5931 during a game of poker. Autopsy results were altered, and attending coroners were amnesticized.
First documented case of SCP-5931. Initially suspected to be the result of anomalous individuals from crime leader Sal Maranzano's criminal organization, which is currently at war with the Joe Masseria's criminal organization.


Albert Anastasia
High-ranking member of Joe Masseria's criminal organization
March 2, 1931
Affected by SCP-5931 while under questioning by police of on a murder.
Initially believed to have been caused by anomalous members of Sal Maranzano's criminal organization, investigations by agents embedded in Joe Masseria's criminal organization for unrelated reasons reported rumors that Luciano had wanted to betray Joe Masseria and defect to Sal Maranzano's criminal organization. Thus, another theory was posited that SCP-5931 was the result of anomalous individuals working for Joe Masseria's criminal organization.


Carlo Gambino
Organized crime figure; member of Joe Masseria's criminal organization
March 3, 1931
Affected by SCP-5931 during interrogation of witnesses with the accompaniment of undercover MTF-Epsilon-23 Agent Nascosto.
Due to suspicions towards Agent Nascosto from other gangsters and death threats, Agent Nascosto was recalled from duty through Cover Story .


Joseph Bonnano
High-ranking member of Sal Maranzano's criminal organization
November 14, 1931
Found dead in a locked restroom; subsequent autopsy determined cause of death to be SCP-5931.
First known case of SCP-5931 affecting an organized crime figure out of Joe Masseria's criminal organization.


Robert DiFortune
Small-time home burglar, known associate of Joe Masseria's criminal organization.
December 16, 1931
Affected by SCP-5931 while making a call on a public payphone.
First known case of SCP-5931 affecting someone who was not a member of either Joe Masseria's or Sal Maranzano's criminal organizations. Despite his associations with Joe Masseria's criminal organization, Robert DiFortune possessed no threat to either the Masseria nor the Maranzano criminal organization. Due to this, a theory was posited that SCP-5931 was the result of a third party.


Frank Costello
Organized crime figure, member of Joe Masseria's criminal organization
December 17, 1931
Found dead in his car; autopsy revealed death to be have been caused by SCP-5931
No new leads discovered in investigations.


Owney Madden
Organized crime figure, no known associations with either Masseria or Maranzano's criminal organization
December 20, 1931
Affected by SCP-5931 while on trial for murder.
First known case of SCP-5931 affecting organized crime figures outside of Joe Masseria's or Sal Maranzano's criminal organization. New theory posited that SCP-5931 was caused by members of Irish organized criminal organizations. Investigations are ongoing.





You are looking at an out-of-date version of the SCP.

Click here to view the latest version of this SCP (5/15/2000)
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                weapon
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            23 Jul 2020 00:21
            
            Edit
+136)
Tags
Discuss (28)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Obsidian Conflict Map Database
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Części Fiat i nie tylko
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Crab Den
                      
              We Vibing 🦀
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Metrix Create:Space
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

