                        


Item #:  SCP-1375

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  As the station containing SCP-1375 has been decommissioned, no public cover is required. The specific section of tunnel containing SCP-1375-1 has been renovated, sealed, and converted into an airlock with an attached on-site research laboratory. Access to or experimentation with SCP-1375 requires prior approval from at least two (2) Level 3 Senior Researchers, and all personnel entering SCP-1375-2 must be trained and certified in the use of Foundation EVA suits.

Description:  SCP-1375-1 is a steel service door in the decommissioned ███████ tube station of the London Underground. Historical records indicate that no anomalous properties were present when the station was decommissioned in 1994. When opened, SCP-1375-1 contains a standing space-time aperture to SCP-1375-2.

SCP-1375-2 is a near-exact copy of the ███████ station prior to its decommission, located on an unknown extraterrestrial moon of similar mass and composition to Ganymede orbiting a blue-green gas giant which itself is in orbit around a transitional-phase red giant star. The location of this solar system is currently unknown; astronomical observation with the goal of identifying its location is ongoing.

SCP-1375-2 differs from its non-anomalous original in the following ways:

SCP-1375-2 is reversed with respect to SCP-1375-1; that is, SCP-1375-2 is symmetrical with the original station with SCP-1375-1 as its axis of symmetry.
SCP-1375-2 exhibits tool marks in its construction that is consistent with the types of tools used to construct ███████ station, but the precise configuration of the tool marks is inconsistent.
SCP-1375-2's signage, in addition to being mirrored, contains many spelling mistakes as well as languages other than English; at least two (2) of these languages are unknown and currently indecipherable.
SCP-1375-2's exit to the surface is in an unfinished state consistent with incomplete construction rather than destruction. In addition to being open to the lunar surface, the lower atmospheric pressure of SCP-1375-2 results in a net negative pressure differential at SCP-1375-1; prior to the installation of an airlock, this caused rapid decompression in the section of ███████ station in which SCP-1375-1 is located when it was opened.


Information regarding artifacts and documents discovered within SCP-1375-2 are documented, stored, and available for analysis in the Site ██ Non-Anomalous Item Storage Facility.

Addendum 1375-1:  Researcher Note



After several months of analysis, the following data has been gathered by exploration teams:

Exploration of the area around SCP-1375-2 has found no additional structures, artifacts, or signs of life. Furthermore, atmospheric analysis of the moon on which SCP-1375-2 is located has yielded no sign of any organic components that would indicate that life exists anywhere on the body. Design of an autonomous UAV capable of flying in the reduced atmospheric pressure and circumnavigating the moon is ongoing.
Preliminary astronomy reports indicate that the planet that SCP-1375-2 orbits is one of approximately eleven planets within the star system, and that none of these planets or their observed moons appear to be capable of sustaining life.
Spectroscopic analysis of materials used in the construction of SCP-1375-2 has yielded an unusually high level of mercury and radon, but are otherwise consistent with its terrestrial original.


Dr. █████████

Senior Researcher
附加记录：    

Addendum 1375-2:  Notable Recovered Objects



Reference #:  1375-038

Recovery:  Discovered in a men's restroom.

Description:  A copy of the Evening Standard newspaper, entirely in reverse but otherwise identical to those printed on December 27, 1993.

Reference #:  1375-062

Recovery:  Found on tracks below second platform.

Description:  A handwritten note on a paper napkin:  written in reverse.

Reference #:  1375-088

Recovery:  Affixed to a wall near entrance.

Description:  A reversed printed advertisement poster for a musical concert. All text is otherwise identical to actual posters, however, the band members pictured are entirely devoid of facial features.

Reference #:  1375-109

Recovery:  Found on a shelf in a janitor's supply room.

Description:  Box of construction screws with reverse threading composed entirely of high-strength titanium alloy. This is the only construction material discovered in SCP-1375-2 with composition not consistent with its terrestrial counterpart.

Reference #:  1375-133

Recovery:  Discovered on lunar surface 3m outside of main entrance.

Description:  A single unopened can of █████ █████ brand low-sodium canned kernel corn, confirmed to contain kernel corn via ultrasound analysis. Text printed on label is in Portuguese but is otherwise consistent with those manufactured prior to 2003. Object is also significant as the only object recovered from SCP-1375-2 that is not in reverse.
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                subterranean
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Nov 2019 16:29
            
            Edit
+128)
Tags
Discuss (31)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Chaos  Complexity Theories in Education Group
                      
              Also a Special Interest Group of the American Educational Research Association
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            क्षत्रिय राजपूत इतिहास
                      
              क्षत्रिय राजपूत
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Estudiantes de economía de la uned
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Right from 
                      
              Animation through Online Collaboration by students
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

