                        




Two instances of SCP-1904-1



Item #:  SCP-1904

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1904 is currently dismantled and housed in Storage Unit-07. No further procedures are necessary to contain SCP-1904. SCP-1904 is to be monitored at its original location, currently disguised as a government warehouse. All outer surfaces and surroundings are to be cleaned and disinfected on a weekly basis and immediately following reproductive activity. Nine (9) research samples of SCP-1904-1 are currently maintained in individual cells at site-17. Additional instances of SCP-1904-1 are to be collected and terminated unless requested by Dr. ██████ for further examination. Under no circumstances are personnel to enter the object [see incident report 1904-A]

Description:  SCP-1904 is a network of recreational plastic tubing installed at a ██████████ restaurant in ████████, MD.1 Structure exhibits few unusual properties at rest other than an occasional trembling and vocalizations likened to  sounds lasting up to several hours at a time, usually marking the start of a new gestation cycle. Gestation lasts anywhere from eight days to eleven months, during which trace amounts of blood, amniotic fluids and uterine tissues may leak with increasing frequency from the structure's lowest entryway. No particular origin point or DNA match for these fluids has been found. A typical gestation cycle culminates in a single violent expulsion of fluids, tissues and one or more instances of SCP-1904-1.

SCP-1904-1 resemble human embryos at varying stages of development, with higher stages consistently exhibiting severe congenital deformities. Regardless of condition, survival rate is nearly 100% until termination. Instances increase steadily in size and mobility with minimal nutrient intake but do not progress further along embryonic development or otherwise appear to age, the oldest research sample now exceeding ████ kg. Cognitive development is minimal, though instances equipped to do so have been observed imitating staff vocalizations and in some cases attempting reproductive behavior. SCP-1904 exhibits a spike in vocalization coinciding with the termination of any SCP-1904-1 instances, described as 

Incident Report 1904-A 

During SCP-1904's initial examination, D-4356 was sent inside the structure with standard audio-video surveillance equipment. No unusual properties were detected until D-4356 became decreasingly responsive and was soon expelled from the object in a typical fluid eruption, exhibiting physiological abnormalities and mental faculties consistent with SCP-1904-1. D-4356 was placed among Site-17's samples and has continued to increase in mass. All further exploration by human test subjects has yielded similar results. Additional subjects terminated.

Incident Report 1904-B 

Following extensive testing, SCP-1904 was dismantled on ██/██/████, exhibited no anomalous properties in storage and was reclassified as Safe. Over the following ██ months an exponential increase in birth defects became apparent within a rapidly expanding radius of the object's original location. Samples were found to match the properties of SCP-1904-1 and SCP-1904 was restored to its original location and configuration, whereupon the wave of abnormal births subsided. ███ confirmed and ███ potential instances of SCP-1904-1 were subsequently confiscated, dissected and terminated while class-B amnestics were administered to much of the surrounding populace. Affected couples were sterilized following evidence of long-term contamination and compensated for what they now believe to have been a class action lawsuit against a fabricated overseas pharmaceutical company.

Discovery : On November 06, ████, an ████████ paper reported a string of  sightings corroborated by multiple eyewitnesses over a three day period. Foundation operatives eventually tracked activity back to a ██████████ allegedly closed for remodeling since the previous year. 48 instances of SCP-1904-1 were subsequently discovered in the establishment's walk-in freezer and ███ living specimens recovered from local sewage tunnels. Restaurant staff and management remain unaccounted for.

Footnotes
SCP-2915 is under investigation.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                toy
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            20 Apr 2020 02:36
            
            Edit
+212)
Tags
Discuss (53)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Electromagnetic (Hyper)Sensitivity
                      
              Causes of Electro Smog, EMF and Wireless Devices
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fallout Online: Requiem
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            projects.wikidot.com
                      
              Wikidot Projects Forum
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            FiredawnFolder
                      
              The not-quite Inner Circle but close enough
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

