                        


Item #:  SCP-1480

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  The SCPS Ockham is presently instructed to maintain observation and communications with SCP-1480 on the surface of Titan, in addition to its regular geological duties. The distance and technological difficulties involved in reaching Titan serve as adequate containment, so long as the existence of SCPS Ockham remains a secret. Only a handful of ESA personnel vetted and briefed by Foundation liaisons are to be informed of the existence and purpose of SCPS Ockham. Select photographs of the surface of Titan have been doctored by Foundation personnel and provided to the ESA for publication; photographs are doctored to remove the presence of SCP-1480.

SCPS Ockham is to continue attempting to establish contact with SCP-1480 and any entities inside of SCP-1480.

Description:  SCP-1480 is a 2004 Blue Bird model Type C school bus with all typical school-bus external markings removed other than the number , currently resting on the surface of Titan. Based on physical markings and details, SCP-1480 is believed to be either a Weakley County School District school bus declared missing on 11/02/07 from Dresden Elementary School or a carefully crafted replica thereof. No explanation has yet been determined for the temporal discrepancy between the bus's disappearance and the discovery of SCP-1480.

SCP-1480's windows are opaque; no light of any wavelength can be seen through them. Additionally, ultrasound imaging of the object's interior was inconclusive. Periodically, flashing lights can be seen emanating from the windows of SCP-1480; these were detected frequently before SCPS Ockham landed on Titan, but have since become extremely rare. These flashes can be deciphered into Morse code messages; how the entity is familiar with Morse code protocols is unknown. Judging from phrasing and the varying speeds of the flashes, different windows seem to speak from different, but consistent, perspectives or voices. The flashing lights can be translated into English via Morse code; a log of recorded messages can be found in Addendum 1480-A.

Addendum 1480-A:  The SCPS Ockham is currently deployed on the surface of Titan as part of an unrelated scientific exchange program led between several high-level officials within the European Space Agency, NASA, and the Foundation; under the terms of that agreement, NASA-ESA provided the interplanetary vehicle and gave the Foundation final control over the vehicle's mission parameters in exchange for certain technological enhancements from the Foundation and the ability to access and use all non-sensitive scientific data from the mission. The Ockham detected the presence of SCP-1480 from a distance of several thousand kilometers away. From a distance, the Ockham could detect SCP-1480 and the flashing lights inside the object. The Ockham made landfall on 14/01/05; the flashing lights within SCP-1480 ceased at that time. Since then, the lights have resumed at periodic intervals. Selected excerpts of communications recorded from SCP-1480 are listed as follows:

11/01/05:  Beginning at 0232 hours1 all windows become briefly active for a period of ninety seconds. Because windows can only be seen from one side of the bus at a time, not all parts of a given conversation can be heard at any given time. Content of messages recorded consists largely of short, declarative sentences, such as  and all windows ceased flashing.

13/01/05:  Several windows towards the back of the starboard side of the bus begin flashing in apparent conversation with one another. The rearmost window asks  all windows between the windshield and the back of the bus began flashing on and remaining on until the lights reached the back of the bus. The windows at the back of the bus flashed a series of distress messages until the line of steadily-illuminated windows reached the back of the bus, at which point the two windows at the back of the bus flashed on as well. All windows then became dark. Those two windows and another on the other side of the bus have not been observed to light up at any point since.

14/01/05:  SCPS Ockham made landfall around 22:01. Prior to beginning orbital landing maneuvers that took the Ockham's cameras off of SCP-1480, the windows nearest to the Ockham began flashing messages such as . This has been the only significant signal received from SCP-1480 since the Ockham's landfall.

For information regarding additional anomalous events connected to SCP-1480, please consult documentation for SCP-1380.

Footnotes
1. For simplicity's sake, all times henceforth are based on estimated UTC on Earth at the time of recording.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                vehicle
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            30 Dec 2019 21:47
            
            Edit
+211)
Tags
Discuss (19)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SERC Schools in THEP
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Shadowrun: Denver
                      
              Complicated Shadows
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            InfiniteMac Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Text Analytics Wiki
                      
              All things unstructured...
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

