                        




Rendition of SCP-3581 broken from an incomplete mural. Artist(s) unknown.



Item #:  SCP-3581

Object Class:  Neutralized

Special Containment Procedures:  As SCP-3581 is long deceased, and any remains are yet to be recovered, interest of outside sources towards SCP-3581 is negligible. Information surrounding SCP-3581 is to continue to be perpetuated as a local folk tale in the region of Ukraine where it was discovered. The archaeological site near Artsyz, Ukraine will continue to be monitored by Foundation agents until the conclusion of the project. In the event that any further relevant information is discovered, the Foundation is to seize the assets by means of purchase or redistribution.

Description:  Based on descriptions and depictions from recovered artifacts, SCP-3581 is believed to have been a Meleagris gallopavo, or domestic turkey. Notably, this species is exclusively native to North America. The manner in which one of its members became relocated to modern day Ukraine is unknown, but thaumaturgical tampering is suspected. Recovered artifacts related to SCP-3581 have been dated to around 510A.D., and suggest that it was a member of a small and short-lived independent civilization with a culture influenced by the teachings of the Sarkic Cults.1

Despite having been a domesticated animal, SCP-3581 was not used as livestock, and seems to have held a respectable position in society. Though it was originally acquired for the former purpose, it was spared upon having been adopted by an influential woman, and eventually became a local celebrity. Historical texts also point to SCP-3581, named “Corneliu” by its adoptive family, having been sapient, though the extent of this cannot be verified by current records.

According to translated historical records, a combination of droughts and relative isolation caused a period of famine that lasted for ten months in the city in which SCP-3581 resided. Despite having been a member of an upper-class family and therefore not at immediate risk of starvation, SCP-3581 willingly chose to sacrifice itself to provide food for starving families. However, according to translated documents, this occurred by SCP-3581 “[lighting] itself aflame and [dispersing]A.D., and it is likely that within the following decades, emigration and other factors caused the small civilization to inevitably divide.

Addendum:  The following is a partial translation of a recovered document relating to SCP-3581. For the complete texts, refer to the section on “Sedasa” in the Ancient Eurasian Civilizations and Cities SCPFN Archive.



As promised, Corneliu stepped from his home and trodded solemnly down the path to the gathering place. A few people who had come to pay their respects waited with sharpened knives, believing that he would ask to be slaughtered. But when he stopped, with a few clicks of his beak and tongue he lit aflame and dispersed into ashes, and the smoke from his feathers lifted such that cooked meats rained from the sky into baskets waiting below. It is unsure where or how he learned this trick; the magicians could not answer when asked. Corneliu’s flesh proved to be quite abundant for an animal of his size, and it has been a saving grace to the families who believed that they would starve. Not much remained of Corneliu’s body when the flames died out, but the salvageable ashes and remains were placed into a box and buried beneath the floor of his home.2
附加记录：    

Footnotes
associated GOI file.
2. The location of the house in which SCP-3581 supposedly lived and was buried has been thoroughly searched; an empty, aged wooden box was discovered buried mere centimeters beneath the surface. Forensic trace results were inconclusive, however, fragments of other bones found on-site appear to correspond to the Meleagris genus








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            25 Jan 2020 00:13
            
            Edit
+58)
Tags
Discuss (17)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fundația SCP
                      
              Secure, Contain, Protect
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikistória
                      
              A enciclopédia de História feita por estudantes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金会小马国分部
                      
              控制 • 收容 • 保护
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            zeromq
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

