                        




NOTICE 


SCP-4259 possesses an infohazardous effect which inhibits attempts to document it by Foundation personnel. The following report has been transcribed from a paper document written by Susie J██████, 10-year-old daughter of former Site-52 head researcher Dr. J██████, and leader of Internal Task Force 259. Between 07/25/1█ and 09/2/1█, Internal Task Force 259 handled all direct testing and containment procedures involving SCP-4259. Site Director Richard K██ acted in an advisory role, and has annotated this document with clarifying footnotes where necessary. As of 09/2/1█ Internal Task Force 259 has been disbanded, and a new team is being assembled to take over containment. Until then, this report is to be the only Foundation document produced concerning SCP-4259. Susie J██████'s original paper document is to be kept in Site-52 longterm perishable storage, and, in the event that this page disappears from all Foundation databases, used to re-transcribe this report within 48 hours.


Item #:  SCP 4259

Object Class:  Youklid



SCP-4259




Artist's Rendition






Special Contaignment Proceedures:  2. SCP 4259 gets to have one (1) bar of chocolate per day. Since incedent 4259-B, SCP 4259 gets to use the 3DS first, but only if she says please and only if Emma got to use it yesterday.

The Awsome Squad () is in charge of all the testing with SCP 4259, and Grownups don't get to go in the big blue room while we're testing. The Awsome Squad shouldn't go near the body in the back corner of the big blue room. Since insudent 4259-A, Dennis has to stop pulling my hair during testing.3

Discripshion:  SCP 4259 is definitely a girl and Dennis doesn't know anything about SCPs or science. She has grey hair and long black eyes. Even tho she looks old she is kid shaped and doesn't act like an old person at all. She likes chocolate and video games, and gets realy sad if no one plays with her for more than two days. The Awsome Squad tried not-playing for two days by it made us all sad so we stopped.

My Dad says that SCP 4259 has a 5 about SCP 4259 when he came to visit and he also kept forgetting, so it might work on teens aswell.

When SCP 4259 is happy everyone else is happy and hole room feels warmer. Everyone likes it when SCP 4259 is happy. The salt circle makes SCP 4259 realy unhappy. She keeps asking if we can break the circle so she can [UNTRANSCRIBABLE] , but Dad said to never ever do that.3 5 weeks. I hope he can comes back soon cause I wanna show him my notebook and all the science I did.

To make sure that the Awsome Squad doesn't accedentely break the circle, we put a improvised Bridging Device () across the circle at the front of the big blue room.

Experements have shown that most cute animals also like being around SCP 4259. Cute animals tested include:

Emma's pet cat
Emma's pet hamster
That weird snake that Mr K██ gave us.
Emma's pet mouse.


Non-cute animals include:

All 10 9 of Dennis's pet lizards.
The cricket I found.
All of the insects Mr K██ gave us.
[UNTRANSCRIBABLE] 


SCP 4259 didn't like the non-cute animals so we stopped doing the experuments. The non-cute animals also got scared of SCP 4259 for some reason. We didn't find this out until insedent 4259-C when [UNTRANSCRIBABLE]  got realy scared and was accidentally terminated. Since the insudent, [UNTRANSCRIBABLE]  is now a non-cute animal and we don't talk about him anymore. The Awsome Squad shouldn't go near the body in the back corner of the big blue room.7

I keep telling them and they  [Scribbled over]

Insedent Report 4259-A:  Yesterday SCP 4259 said that she wanted to play a board game so we got apples to apples from the common room. The password was . SCP 4259 was gonna go first and we were trying to pick which way the turns were gonna go. I said that I should go next cause I was her best friend but Dennis got mad and said he was her best friend even tho I was. Emma thought that we could all be best friends but Dennis thought that was dumb. Then he started pulling my hair and I tried to punch him, but SCP 4259 got sad and started crying so we stopped. Emma said to let Dennis go first cause he didn't get any of the chocolate last time and I said yeah, even tho he's still wrong. Then Will complained that he didn't get any chocolate the time before that, but Dennis said it was cause he was fat. Then Will punched him but he laughed about so it was ok. SCP 4259 laughed about it too, and we all laughed and forgot about it.

Insedent Report 4259-B:  The password was  and [UNTRANSCRIBABLE] . Emma told her that she could have the 3DS first from now on if she gave Will back, and that she would go last instead. SCP 4259 agreed, but I said that Emma could get it first if she had to leave before the end the last time. Dennis thought this was dumb cause what if someone else didn't get a turn last time, but I told him shut up, and anyway SCP 4259 liked the idea. Then she [UNTRANSCRIBABLE]  again and Will said he felt all squished. We played Animal Crossing and SCP 4259 got to go first. I tried to get Mr K██ to help me change the Contaignment Proceedures8 after that, but he acted all weird so I did it my self.

Insedent Report 4259-C:  Emma said that she wanted to show SCP 4259 her cat, and when she liked her we started trying other pets. Emma has alot of pets so we tried all of those first. Eventually I said we should all go and find some animals to try out. Dennis found some lizards in the woods and I found a cricket the night before. I also asked Mr K██ for some animals to test, and he gave us A box full of insects and a big weird snake thing. The password was . When we got there, Dennis brought a big dog that noone had seen before. He said he was [UNTRANSCRIBABLE]  and had it for years and years. We all thought it was weird cause he never talked about him, but he got all quiet and didn't say anything else. SCP 4259 really liked the snake thing. She let it curl around her and pet its head. Dennis was really excited to show his dog to her. Once she stopped playing with the snake he tried to pull the him into the room. [UNTRANSCRIBABLE]  didn't wanna go tho, and he kept whimpering and keeping outside circle. Dennis tried to calm him down but he was was real scared, so he picked him up and took him over to SCP 4259. SCP 4259 hissed in a realy scary way I'd never seen and [UNTRANSCRIBABLE] . Then [UNTRANSCRIBABLE]  but he [UNTRANSCRIBABLE]  and he howled and ran up to SCP 4259 and almost [UNTRANSCRIBABLE] 

but I [UNTRANSCRIBABLE] 

[UNTRANSCRIBABLE] 

[UNTRANSCRIBABLE] 

I

I

Dennis I'm sorry. I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I [UNTRANSCRIBABLE] 

[UNTRANSCRIBABLE] 

He didn't wanna talk to me. I tried to tell him but he kept crying and crying and crying and Emma told me I'd . He kept saying

[Scribbled over]

I talked to SCP 4259 last night. She said I was her best friend in the hole world.9

The Awsome Squad shouldn't go near the body in the back corner of the big blue room.

Footnotes
1. Certain parts of Susie J██████'s document possess strong anti-memetic properties which make them impossible to type. These have been marked with [UNTRANSCRIBABLE]  in this report.
2. A running copy of this notebook is available on request from Site-52 archival storage.
3. Foundation records indicate that SCP-4259 was discovered in foundation custody on 09/13/0█, at which time no site personnel were aware of its existence. Certain elements of its current containment such as [Director K██ reports being unable to type this part] appear to have been in place at this time.
4. Various research teams have studied SCP-4259 in the period from 09/13/0█ to 07/25/1█. During this time period no reports on SCP-4259 were successfully produced. On-Site staff were not able to come up with a satisfactory explanation for this phenomenon.
5. The brother was 13 years old at the time of this visit.
6. Shortly before his mandatory reassignment, Dr. J██████ requested Susie be given a list of instructions which he had written to follow in his absence. After a joint review by the Ethics Commitee and Site-52 administration, this request was permitted with the prevision that the list be thoroughly scanned by Site-52 sensors prior to the exchange. The list contained an instruction to never let SCP 4259 out of its containment chamber . Notably, no explicit mention is made of the [Director K██ reports being unable to type this part]. Susie has been observed to keep this list in her notebook and check it often before and after testing, although this behavior notably ceased around the suspected date of incident 4259-C
7. The following drawing was found on the last page of Susie J██████'s notebook, undated:


Unknown 









8. This reference dates Incident 4259-B to 8/19/1█, two weeks before the discovery of this report and the disbandment of Internal Task Force 259. Four days after Incident 4259-B, the members of Internal Task Force 259 underwent a random psych evaluation. During This evaluation, William B███ showed signs of increased stress and mild depressive symptoms. The other three members demonstrated no irregularities in their behavior.
9. The following drawing was sent unsolicited to Site-52 mailbox on 09/4/1█:


Unknown 

















                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 19:06
            
            Edit
+149)
Tags
Discuss (22)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Text Analytics Wiki
                      
              All things unstructured...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Retro Legends
                      
              The Definitive Database for Retro Gamers
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            EliteQuest Worlds
                      
              Eqwwiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Special Ed Wiki
                      
              sarah irvine belson (sarah@american.edu)
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

