                        


Item #:  SCP-1008

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1008 is stored in a molded, opaque container, which is stored in a secure locker at Site ██. SCP-1008 may only be removed from its container with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 3 personnel, and all subjects exposed to SCP-1008 must be kept under observation until expiration.

Description:  SCP-1008 is a polished, irregular mass of obsidian measuring approximately 8kg. The image of a sun is carved into one surface of SCP-1008, which is surrounded by an as-of-yet untranslated inscription in what is believed to be an ancient Indonesian dialect. When the sun carving of SCP-1008 is pressed against the forehead of a living human subject, its anomalous effect manifests upon nightfall.

In the first stage, which usually lasts approximately one week, subjects affected by SCP-1008 become unable to perceive the sun. Affected subjects can no longer see the sun, and cannot see without the aid of artificial light. Examinations of affected subjects show physical reactions consistent with a complete deprivation of solar illumination, such as eye dilation, and extended exposure to sunlight does not affect subjects or cause blindness. Additionally, subjects report being unable to see the moon or other celestial bodies illuminated primarily by sunlight, though in most cases stars are still observable.

During the second stage, which lasts approximately two (2) to three (3) weeks after stage one, subjects become unable to receive heat and other solar radiation. Subjects report feeling increasingly cold, and will exhibit progressively paler skin tone as well as symptoms of vitamin D deficiency and seasonal affective disorder (SAD).

In the final stage of SCP-1008 exposure, typically four (4) to six (6) weeks after initial exposure, subjects reportedly observe increasing unhealthiness in other living subjects. Plants appear wilted and stunted, and animals appear emaciated. Most importantly, affected subjects in the final stage are unable to obtain nutrition from any plant- or animal-based food product, and will invariably expire due to malnutrition after a period of several more weeks.

Addendum 1008-01:  Transcript Excerpt of Interview with Subject 1008-01

Subject 1008-01 (Agent ████ ██████) was accidentally exposed to SCP-1008 while undercover and assigned to [REDACTED]. Agent ██████ immediately brought SCP-1008 to the attention of the Foundation upon manifestation of its effects, and was placed under observation.



Dr. █████████: What was the first indication that something anomalous had taken place?

Subject 1008-01: I woke up at the sun just never came up. Dr. ██████ called me and asked why I wasn't up on such a fine sunny day, and that's when I broke cover and called it in.

Dr. █████████: What happened next?

Subject 1008-01: Well, for the first few days it wasn't so bad. It was just that the sun never came up, and it was weird when it was completely dark out and you couldn't see anything but people were moving around normally.

Subject 1008-01: It got harder after the first week, though. It just started getting colder and colder. And everything, the trees and plants, all started looking sick and wilted even though everyone else told me they were just fine.

Dr. █████████: Go on.

Subject 1008-01: Yesterday was when it really started getting really bad, I guess
附加记录：    

Subject 1008-01 became unable to eat after 36 days under the effect of SCP-1008 and was eventually sedated and placed on an IV regimen. Subject expired after approximately 43 days in containment, with cause of death determined to be advanced hypothermia and malnutrition.

Addendum 1008-02:  Partial Translation of SCP-1008 Inscription



[Sinner?] as [punishment/judgement?]

is [banished/exiled?]

[from the] face of [unknown, possibly ]

to [die?] in darkness
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 09:16
            
            Edit
+282)
Tags
Discuss (31)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            iRacing.com Wiki
                      
              Your one-stop-shop for all iRacing setup help and knowledge.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sufficiently Advanced
                      
              A Game of the Far Future
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            IS2216 - JAVA WIKI
                      
              Java for beginners
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            מבני נתונים
                      
              סמסטר בע
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

