                        




SCP-015-IT, recorded by one of the cameras placed by the SSM-IV during capture operations.



Item #:  SCP-015-IT

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-015-IT is contained in a standard cell for humanoids in Site Vittoria and is kept under surveillance by a system of cameras and infrared sensors; the room and the adjacent corridors must be painted white and be kept well lit. Two times per day, a pig (Sus domestica) is to be introduced in the cell to let SCP-015-IT feed.

Personnel assigned to SCP-015-IT must take psychological evaluations weekly and must be cycled every 3 months.

Description:  SCP-015-IT is a humanoid entity around 1,9 meters tall, with hairless skin capable of absorbing 98% of incident light. Its face presents neither nose or external ears, and its eyes can emit light due to photophores placed on its iris. The mouth has 8 pointed teeth in each jaw, while the tongue (28 despite this, it is surprisingly strong and can easily subdue an adult human. SCP-015-IT is highly resilient to physical damage and can heal quickly from wounds and damage to internal organs.

SCP-015-IT is predominantly active during the night and feeds exclusively on adrenaline and noradrenaline produced by mammals, with a preference for human prey. To procure them, SCP-015-IT developed a hunting method aimed at scaring its target as much as possible: usually, it hides in dark spots, trying to not be seen, and stalks its victim. If it is not spotted, SCP-015-IT waits until its prey is distracted and approaches it silently, before grabbing it and biting them on the side. The bite is not meant to kill the victim, but to use the large teeth as anchors while the tongue darts forward and sinks directly in the adrenal gland1; the blood rich with adrenaline is aspirated from one of the needles, while the seconds expel it with the addition of a mild sedative. This allows SCP-015-IT to keep the prey immobile without wasting too much energy and to leave undisturbed after its meal.

Prolonged observation of SCP-015-IT causes psychic deterioration to exposed subjects, with auditive and visual hallucinations, panic attacks, and, in the most sensitive individuals, damage to the cardiovascular system; the first symptoms appear after two weeks, but this time is reduced if SCP-015-IT doesn't feed regularly; the cause of this phenomenon is currently unknown, but it is theorized it is a method to rend vulnerable preys that would be too strong or aggressive otherwise.

Recovery log:  SCP-015-IT was captured on 22/05/2012, after the police of [DATA REDACTED], in the province of Caserta, received many reports of ) to deal with the menace. Due to its unsuspected agility and its coloring which allowed it to hide in dark areas, SCP-015-IT managed to avoid capture until it was shot with a transmitter that allowed the Foundation to trace its position. When it was surrounded, SCP-015-IT reacted with unforeseen violence and was able to kill █ soldiers and wound ██ before being subdued.

Addendum SCP-015-IT-a:  During his time undercover in the place SCP-015-IT was found, the agent ███████ came in contact with a member of the Brotherhood of Saint George's Knights. In an encounter between the two agents, it was revealed that the Brotherhood had captured SCP-015-IT, but it escaped roughly two months before being contained by the Foundation. After receiving this information, the Director of Site Vittoria requested and obtained the CCSG's documents regarding SCP-015-IT. The most relevant passages are shown below.

+SCP-015-IT

-Close



Demonic Type:  Shadow Demon

Threat Level:  Intermediate Low

Physical Description:  []2

Known Powers:  Dia-2123 is highly unstable in our world: it feeds on the fear of its victims by drinking their blood, despite not requiring it to survive. This allows it to keep itself in a physical shape adapt to the limits imposed by mortal reality.

It also possesses notable physical strength and intelligence comparable to that of a human being; the creature uses these characteristics to hunt and escape its enemies. Another important property is its resistance to blessed weapons, which only manage to inflict minor damage compared to their full potential.

Note from Father Ilardi, 14/04/2011:  I am increasingly fascinated by the creature we have captured: despite its mere sight being repugnant beyond every limit, I'm starting to believe that its soul is gentle; I noticed that its screams are similar to a pained cry and that they get subside when I speak to it with a comforting tone. I think that it was originally a human soul before the Enemy transformed it into the monster it is now. I must find a way to communicate with it: it is my duty to bring back to the Lord every lost soul.

Note from Father Ilardi, 24/06/2011:  I can affirm with certainty that the Dia-212 is not completely evil: it showed great curiosity towards everything that was showed to it, and it does not harbor hatred or fear for holy objects. Initially, it was very distrustful and always drew back whenever I approached it, but not only did it never attack me, it also grew fond of me and my disciples. However, it pains me to admit that it remains fearful towards all those who wear the uniform of our Holy Order, perhaps because of the wounds it sustained during capture. I shall recommend to everyone to wear different clothing to not make it nervous, and to try a gentler approach with the creature.

Letter for Cardinal ███████, dated 18/03/2012: 



Most Illustrious Eminence,

I am sorry to inform you about a serious accident that occurred during the night between the 15th and 16th of this month. At around 9 during the confusion, Dia-212, the demon we contained, ran away, frightened by the chaos created by the assault. I therefore humbly request your Eminence for funds to rebuild our structure and for men to recapture the fleeing creature.

I await your reply, confident of your intervention.



Father Domenico Ilardi.

附加记录：    











Footnotes
1. In case it's not possible for SCP-015-IT to hit the side of its prey (because of clothing or other impediments), it will try to stab its needles in the arteries of the neck.
2. Data already reported in the entity's Description.
3. Designation used by the CCSG to indicate SCP-015-IT.


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            02 Oct 2020 01:33
            
            Edit
+27)
Tags
Discuss (1)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fondazione SCP
                      
              Branca Italiana della SCP Foundation
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Explained
                      
              Simplify, Condense, Paraphrase
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-JP-FS
                      
              確保、収容、遊べ！
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Witchipedia
                      
              The online encyclopedia of magick, folklore and the occult
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

