                        




SCP-3333-J, moping.



Item #:  SCP-3333-J

Object Class:  Safe (but grouchy in the mornings)

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3333-J is to remain in the second-floor Site-19 break room, because it should really socialize more often. It is to be provided a terracotta plant pot (yes, even though all its friends have plastic pots, there's nothing wrong with terracotta) and watered thrice a week with bottled water (because tap water makes it even moodier). It is not to be allowed to overnight outside, no matter how much it thinks it doesn't need a jacket.

Note: SCP-3333-J apparently grows better when listening to songs by My Chemical Romance. It is allowed to do so as long as the volume is set to a reasonable level.

Description:  SCP-3333-J is a juvenile potted plant. It is of the species Chlorophytum comosum, commonly known as the spider plant, but seems to show preference (accelerated growth) for being called the lesser-known name of “airplane plant”, as well as other names on occasion, such as sword fern, rogue’s gilliflower, damask violet, and black nightshade. Personnel are reminded to not be alarmed should SCP-3333-J show signs of apparent resentment (dropping leaves, growing mold, smelling strange) when not called these names.  is wholly accurate and sufficient, and SCP-3333-J will never become anything different by changing its name.

SCP-3333-J is not allowed to spend extended hours in the outside garden, no matter how much the darkly attractive evening primrose “gets” SCP-3333-J and its deep philosophies1.

SCP-3333-J has been known on occasions to wilt when exposed to its daily sunlight. Should this occur, it is to be gently but firmly explained that sunlight is a necessity, even if its tortured and misunderstood soul believes otherwise. Exhibiting careless phototropism is unacceptable. Furthermore, it knows it is responsible for helping reduce the air pollution of the room, and how can it do that without sunlight to keep it healthy and growing?

Addendum:  SCP-3333-J is notoriously taciturn. It is noted that this behavior began when it first sprouted flowers. (See interview log)



Dr. ██████:  Good morning, spider plant! You’re looking nice and leafy today. I see you grew flowers! Soon you’ll be ready to sprout cute little spiderettes. You’re growing up so fast.

SCP-3333-J:  …

Dr. ██████:  Oh. Okay. You're just not going to say anything?

SCP-3333-J:  …

Dr. ██████:  Well, if that's what you want Wait. Is that fungus on the underside of your leaves?

SCP-3333-J:  … [leaves rustle slightly as air conditioning picks up]

Dr. ██████:  I thought I told you to be careful. Remember, if you get hooked on symbiotic root nodule bacteria and go making friends with the wrong crowd, you’re going to end up with root rot! I don't want that to happen!

SCP-3333-J:  …

Dr. ██████:  Maybe I should have been suspicious when you suddenly started sprouting flowers everywhere. You need to take care of yourself, okay?

SCP-3333-J:  …

Dr. ██████:  I can't buy special potting soil for you forever.

SCP-3333-J:  …

Note: The following day, SCP-3333-J was relocated to a corner of the break room furthest from the window. It later disappeared, and was rediscovered moping under the coffee table, having somehow tipped on its side and rolled along the ground. Personnel were advised to let the plant stay there and think about its actions.
附加记录：    



Memo: Hey Rivs, I think you’re being a little harsh on the plant. Maybe someone else should take care of it. M
附加记录：    



Memo: No. That plant is growing up and needs to learn from its mistakes. I know what I'm doing. R
附加记录：    



Memo: It's just a plant. M
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Seriously, it keeps growing in the direction of the window. I know it has a crush on this primrose, but does it really need that much of a better look?


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            16 May 2019 00:44
            
            Edit
+249)
Tags
Discuss (49)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Wanderers Library
                      
              Fiction from another world.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Soymilk Linkshell
                      
              Professional, drama-free dynamis since 2005!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chemistry
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SIMTrackipedia
                      
              A collection of tutorials for Bobs Track Builder, XPacker, and other related programs
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

