                        


Item # : SCP-308

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-308 is stored in a sterile containment module with restricted access. Personnel entering the room must observe level 1 isolation protocol, and will be remotely observed by security personnel for the duration of their visit. No organic material may be placed in SCP-308 without Level 4 authorization. SCP-308 will remain open unless involved in active experimentation.

Description:  SCP-308 is an ornate funerary casing of Aztec origin, dated ~500 years old with dimensions 1.8m. It was found at the ███████ archaeological excavation among similar (though mundane) artifacts in a temple complex. SCP-308 is covered in Nahuatl pictographs consistent with ceremonial practices of its time, though unusual in the care and expense devoted to them. Under normal conditions the artifact is inert, but it exerts an animating effect on organisms when they are placed inside it. The effect was first observed in the original inhabitant of the coffin, [DATA EXPUNGED] The poor condition of the individual has been attributed to its 500 year incarceration in the casing without nourishment or stimulation.

Healthy, injured, or even deceased subjects are transformed by the artifact. Regardless of the condition of an organism prior to placement in the coffin (with one exception, see below), the creature will exhibit certain traits upon removal. Superficially subjects remain unchanged, retaining injuries and conditions sustained prior to exposure. Despite the nature and seriousness of such trauma, however, subjects appear alive and responsive to the extent the injuries allow. For example, a subject exposed to a fatal dose of cyanide (in excess of 100x fatal dosage) conversed normally, respired, and displayed vital signs such as heartbeat and brain activity. The subject also presented classical symptoms of acute poisoning including shortness of breath, drowsiness, headache, and cyanotic skin, but did not succumb even after a period of many days. Another subject was pierced in several major arteries and exsanguinated before exposure to SCP-308. A subsequent examination revealed a heartbeat but no discernible blood pressure, and the subject was conversant though conscious of great pain in the injured areas. (For further experimental logs see 308-a, attached.)

Subjects in this altered state will neither succumb to any injury (again, one exception), no matter how severe, nor heal any wound, no matter how minor. In addition they display a dependence on the artifact similar to addiction, insisting on regular exposure and becoming erratic and violent when this is withheld. Subjects experience pain normally, and many who have suffered extensive damage will rapidly deteriorate psychologically. Progressive conditions such as cancer and infections continue to advance in subjects exposed to SCP-308, though instead of dying they suffer from ever-escalating symptoms.

The only thing that a subject requires to be affected by SCP-308 is the presence of a heart. Subjects with a wounded or diseased heart are animated, as are portions of organisms or tissues connected to a heart. Individuals with their hearts removed, or body portions without a heart, are unaffected by exposure to the artifact. Even an isolated heart placed in the container will resume beating at a normal rhythm. Subjects exposed to SCP-308 remain alive and essentially unkillable until their heart is destroyed, whereupon they succumb and decay normally.

Because of the nature of SCP-308 and the apparent psychological effects it exerts on subjects, all exposed individuals must be isolated, and terminated at the conclusion of testing. Temporary use of SCP-308 to debrief deceased personnel permitted by Level 4 authorization only.

Experimental Log 308-a: (excerpts)

Subject:  Canis lupus familiaris

Condition:  healthy

Summary of Results:  Subject apparently normal. Showed typical pain reaction, but survived repeated laceration, evisceration, exsanguination, burns over 90% of body surface, multiple gunshots, electrocution, and lobotomy. Subject terminated by blunt impact trauma destroying the heart.

Subject:  D-43895

Condition:  Stage 4 small lung cell carcinoma

Summary of Results:  Subject continued to worsen post-exposure. Regular breathing ceased 3 days after exposure due to extensive tumor growth, but subject retained consciousness. Tumor infiltrated renal system, leading to external growths approx. 13cm in diameter in the ███████ area by 14 days. Secondary tumors occlude vision and infiltrate the brain by 19 days. Upon the final ceasing of biological function at 52 days, metastatic tumors were evident over 70% of the body's surface area and had infiltrated every organ system including the heart (which was the cause of subject's death).

Subject:  D-34892

Condition:  Head and heart surgically removed from the rest of the body, keeping attached vasculature intact.

Summary of Results:  Subject revived and apparently conscious, though apparently in too much pain to communicate meaningfully. Applied painkillers had no visible effect. Research ongoing.

Subject:  Agent █████ ███████

Condition:  Terminated in the line of duty recovering SCP-███

Summary of Results:  Animated for debriefing. Subject requested and was granted 2 weeks to prepare a post-action report before termination. After 9 days, subject's nightly request for access to SCP-308 was denied. The following morning subject escaped containment by murdering a technician, and proceeded to SCP-308's containment area where she was terminated by guards on station with a bullet to the heart.

Subject:  D-34877

Condition:  Expired from myocardial infarction

Summary of Results:  Subject was recovered from the artifact inert with massive trauma to the chest, through which the heart had been expelled or ripped. The heart was beating regularly but the subject's body showed no signs of life. Subject's medical background indicated that he had received a heart transplant 3 years prior.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                stone
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Dec 2019 17:25
            
            Edit
+104)
Tags
Discuss (22)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-JPサンドボックスⅢ
                      
              a.k.a 下書きフォーラム v2
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RSC Sandbox
                      
              RSC için Sandbox
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            MIS 213-2
                      
              Intro to IS
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            F650CS FAQ
                      
              Alternative / Supplement  to Black Belt Gang FAQs for the BMW Scarver
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

