                        




SCP-2253.



Item #:  SCP-2253

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  The building exhibiting the SCP-2253 phenomenon has been converted to a Foundation research site. SCP-2253 is legally a brewery which is also a Foundation front organization, with the brewers being given Level 2 security clearance. An underground research laboratory has been constructed under SCP-2253 studying samples of alcoholic beverages previously created within SCP-2253. Any anomalous beverages produced by SCP-2253 are to be stored within Site-77.

Description:  SCP-2253 is an anomalous brewery located in Springfield, NJ, USA. Whenever alcoholic beverages are brewed on the premises, they have a 5% chance of being mixed with a protoplasmic substance. In addition, a spectral humanoid entity resides within SCP-2253 with limited ability to manipulate its surroundings.

This free-floating incorporeal entity (SCP-2253-1) identifies as Stephen Crane, an American politician who served as a delegate to the Continental Congress from 1774 to 1776.1 It is apparently in a perpetual state of intoxication. SCP-2253-1 is capable of exerting up to 20N of force and excreting various protoplasmic fluids. These excretions usually manifest as SCP-2253-1 simulating bodily functions.

The alcoholic beverages containing SCP-2253 protoplasmic fluids are non-anomalous, with chemical analysis revealing that it is identical to Ethyl Hexanoate2. Consumption of the beverages has shown enhanced taste and flavor, although testing has shown mild to severe abdominal discomfort when consumed after consuming foodstuffs such as tea, fish and chips, and other British cuisine.

SCP-2253-1 is cooperative, and researchers are encouraged to converse with it whenever possible in order to learn more about its origins and properties.

History:  SCP-2253's properties were initially noted after being purchased by a craft brewing operation. It is unknown if SCP-2253 had its effects prior to this due to preexisting records being destroyed by Hurricane Diane. Initially, SCP-2253-1 attempted to frighten the new occupants out of SCP-2253. However SCP-2253-1 ceased its harassment after learning that they intended to brew alcoholic beverages. Following this, the protoplasmic substances began manifesting within SCP-2253.

Due to the name of the brewery,Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd. began investigating shortly after this initial opening, believing it to be a Foundation front. MCD, in turn, believed their business to be a front for the SCP Foundation to monitor their New England activities.

MCD agents were captured, and fifteen local police officers were administered Class-B amnestics.

As of ██/██/████ SCP-2253 is classified as Safe.

Addendum:  Investigation into SCP-2253-1's relationship with Stephen Crane has been ongoing, due to the entity making frequent incorrect or impossible statements about Mr. Crane's life. SCP-2253-1 has attributed this to intoxication and age creating a propensity for exaggeration, but other theories about persons who have died on the property or could be considered candidates for other reasons.

Samson Crane - Resident of Springfield from 1765 to 1781, when his head was stomped on by a mule outside a tavern. Notably, several primary historical sources from the time indicate that he had at least a partial resemblance to Stephen Crane, and was possibly a cousin.
Samuel Chase - Signer of the Declaration of Independence. SCP-2253-1 has claimed to be a judge in the past, frequently when the owners of SCP-2253 were discussing legal procedures and taxes. SCP-2253-1 has identified itself as  on multiple occasions.
Unknown youth - Obituaries from 1915 indicate that a youth attending college in the area struck his head on concrete and was killed at a costume party taking place in the area. Notably, the party was apparently put on by a local historical society.


Footnotes
1. Crane died in 1780 after being bayoneted by a British soldier.
2. which produces an apple-like aroma.
3. 









‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  valiant-brewhouse-new.jpg

Name:  Brewery-nogne-o.jpg

Author:  Friman

License:  Public Domain

Source Link:  Wikimedia
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                telekinetic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            27 Aug 2020 23:33
            
            Edit
+52)
Tags
Discuss (17)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SMLT Container
                      
              The SCP Sandbox by Nerds for Nerds.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Covid-19: Πως επηρεάστηκε η καθημερινότητά μας.
                      
              Εξ αποστάσεως εκπαίδευση
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Celtic Heroes Wiki
                      
              A Wiki for the iPhone/iPad MMO Celtic Heroes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CTC/Library Lab Wiki
                      
              The CTC mothership
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

