                        















SCP-3145: Self-Insert 

Any guesses as to why I didn't pick an easy-to-remember number with repeating digits?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

▸ More by this Author ◂
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Translations:






    
    
    
    



F.A.Q.








Document 1
Document 2
Document 3
Document 4
UNKNOWN DATA
SCP-3145







Item #:  SCP-3145

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3145 is currently uncontained. Its location is currently unknown. Due to SCP-3145's related effects, the Foundation may be unable to fully contain it without unacceptable loss of resources and personnel. Until suitable containment procedures are devised, focus must be on location and surveillance of SCP-3145, and analysis of its pattern of travel, to minimize civilian exposure.

Description:  SCP-3145 appears to be a male human of unknown ethnicity. Though it appears to be elderly, it has not shown signs of aging in the 50 years the Foundation has been aware of its existence.

SCP-3145 has an adverse affect on anything created by humanity. Exposure longer than a few days will instigate increasingly destructive events in its vicinity until all such materials are destroyed and any nearby humans deceased. The only exceptions to this effect are SCP-3145 itself and its belongings.

SCP-3145 travels in a highly complex pattern that invariably leads it into contact with human population. The exact nature of this pattern has yet to be determined. SCP-3145 is actively hostile, and previous attempts to contain it have failed, resulting in catastrophic losses.

Addendum: Interview 3145-01 



Interviewed:  SCP-3145

Interviewer:  Dr. Falzon

Foreword:  During the fourth effort to contain SCP-3145, Dr. Falzon approached the entity and recorded their conversation.

 

Falzon:  SCP-3145, how are you enjoying your accommodations?

SCP-3145:  Oh, it's great, just great! I've never dreamed of this much destruction and death before!

Falzon:  You do seem to be enjoying yourself.

SCP-3145:  You bet! I'm having so much fun, I don't even care that those guys get all the credit! [points behind Dr. Falzon]

Falzon:  Guys?

SCP-3145:  You know, the, uh Oh, I think the tall one's giving me the stink eye. Nevermind. Forget I said anything!

Falzon:  Can you comment on the nature of the pattern in which you travel?

SCP-3145:  Ah, you know, go where the wind takes me and all that. If I wait long enough, I always find some new place to trash. [laughs] Speaking of which, those guys are telling me it's about to get a little nuclear in here. Adios!

 

Closing Statement:  Dr. Falzon, previously in excellent health, suffered a stroke at this moment, allowing SCP-3145 to escape. The on-site nuclear warhead detonated two minutes later, resulting in a complete loss of the containment site and personnel. How this recording made it into the offsite backup database is unknown. Efforts to devise a workable containment for SCP-3145 are ongoing.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    





Item #:  SCP-3145

Object Class:  Safe Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  As SCP-3145 poses no threat and has been observed to greatly improve the morale of personnel who interact with it, it has been allowed to freely roam Site-24. The whereabouts of SCP-3145 are currently unknown, though it is still believed to be somewhere in Site-24. Securing it for containment is currently an Alpha-1 priority. Any creation of SCP-3145's is to be destroyed on sight, unless further evidence warrants extreme action. To prevent confusion or mistaken identity, no teddy bears are to be allowed in Site-24, and any object that resembles a teddy bear is to be reported to the security team immediately.

-This is not a joke. We have no idea what SCP-3145's full capabilities are. Who knows how many of them are out there by now? - Dr. Falzon

Description:  SCP-3145 is a teddy bear, approximately 33cm high. Testing has shown no unusual qualities in the object's composition that make it discernible from non-sapient teddy bears. The object is animate and regularly shows affection to individuals, including hugging the legs, dancing, jumping in place, and even producing childlike drawings. All personnel who have interacted with SCP-3145 have responded positively to this affection, even those with sociopathic tendencies.

Attempts at direct communication with SCP-3145 have yet to be successful. Though it is capable of simple gestures to indicate  and other basic concepts, it will often not react to lines of questioning concerning its nature or origins. Though capable of drawing, it has not used this ability to communicate, even when encouraged to do so.

The more alarming behavior of SCP-3145 was not observed until 7 months after initial containment. SCP-3145 appears to be capable of creating replicas of itself using various materials, via an as-yet unobserved process. Dr. Falzon has suggested SCP-3145 used its more endearing qualities to lull staff into a false sense of security while it collected materials to produce the replicas. Currently, there are 3 known replicas, designated SCP-3145-A, SCP-3145-B and SCP-3145-C. In contrast to SCP-3145's behavior, all three replicas have exhibited extreme violence towards staff.

Addendum: Interview 3145-01 



Interviewed:  SCP-3145

Interviewer:  Dr. Emil Falzon, Lead Researcher, SCP-3145

Foreword:  After a Site-wide manhunt and ██ casualties caused by SCP-3145-A, -B and -C, SCP-3145 was captured 20/03/2013 at 11:02 after being found wedged among fallen shelves in a storage closet. During transport to a new containment chamber, SCP-3145 began to vocalize for the first time and requested an interview. Dr. Falzon was called to interact with the object.

 

Falzon:  You realize you're going into containment for a long time now, yes?

SCP-3145:  Yeah. I guess everything was too good to be true. Honestly, I could probably use a little time-out.

Falzon:  How do you mean?

SCP-3145:  Well, like, I was having fun, but How to put this? I need better friends.

Falzon:  Please elaborate.

SCP-3145:  Like, the metal guy? Way cool. Dude can fucking ninja his way through everything. Don't know why I waited so long to make him. Ear boy? Creepy, but effective. I totally did not expect the screaming and ear-growing. I mean, it's still weird, but it's kinda neat.

Falzon:  And SCP-3145-B?

SCP-3145:  Ugh. Where do I begin? First, there's what it's made out of. That is just I don't have any words for it. Fucking sick. And yeah, he killed someone, but it was in, like, the most disgusting way possible. Worst part is, it follows me around like a little lost puppy, like I'm the only friend he's got in the world, and I just want it to go the fuck away. [sighs] Well, two out of three ain't bad, am I right?

Falzon:  Would you care to explain how we were able to catch you?

SCP-3145:  [laughs] Right, right. See, after metal-me turned out so well, I thought, hey, enough with the biohazard, time for household supplies. I was gonna make a new one out of lightbulbs. Who knows what kinda crazy electro-powers that would have, yeah? Long story short, stumpy teddy arms ain't exactly agile. Kinda slipped and fell and got all that crap stuck on me. So, here I am, totally caught, fair and square!

Falzon:  Very well. I hope these new accommodations will suit you.

SCP-3145:  Eh, if they don't, I'll just move on. You know how it is.

 

Closing Statement:  SCP-3145 has not spoken since this event, even when prompted. SCP-3145-A and SCP-3145-B have been apprehended as of 22/03/2013. The whereabouts of SCP-3145-C remain unknown, and the Site-24 lockdown persists as the search is ongoing.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    





Item #:  SCP-3145

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3145 must be destroyed; at this time, there are no such means known to the Foundation. SCP-3145 is to be contained in Site-[REDACTED] a 5km of the containment site is to be kept clear of human development.

All unauthorized personnel attempting to communicate with SCP-3145 will be restrained and removed by force if necessary.

In case of containment breach, SCP-3145 is to be tracked and recaptured by all available Mobile Task Forces, with teams of no fewer than 7 authorize to engage. To date, SCP-3145 has instigated 17 attempted and 6 successful containment breaches.

Description:  SCP-3145 is a large reptilian creature of unknown origins. It is extremely intelligent, having been observed to engage in complex communication with SCP-079 during their limited exposure. SCP-3145 professes a hatred of all life, including its own. (See Interview.)

SCP-3145's body grows and changes quickly, adapting to its circumstances, surroundings and any attempts to damage or destroy it. Despite these changes, it consistently exhibits high levels of strength, speed and reflexes. It is capable of gaining sustenance from anything it ingests. A set of gills inside its nostrils filters usable material from any liquid solution, allowing it to survive while contained in acid. SCP-3145's regenerative abilities and resilience to damage are outstanding, and it has been observed speaking and moving with 87% of its body rotted or destroyed.

Addendum: Interview 3145-24 



Interviewed:  SCP-3145

Interviewer:  Dr. David M. Falzon, Head Researcher, Site-[REDACTED]

 

Falzon:  Why did you kill those farmers?

SCP-3145:  I

Falzon:  Answer the question, or you will be returned to containment.

SCP-3145:  Should be [coughs]

Falzon:  Move that microphone closer!

SCP-3145:  How do you

Falzon:  SCP-3145, are you going to answer my question or not?

SCP-3145:  The acid

Falzon:  Is that all you have to say for yourself?

SCP-3145:  I hate this

Falzon:  Don't act like you didn't enjoy what you did. I know what you're like. What you wanted. This is a mere fraction of what you deserve to feel.

SCP-3145:  I hate you

Falzon:  Put this thing back in its bath.

SCP-3145:  I hate you! [choking sounds] I hate my [audio cuts off as chamber is flooded with acid]

 

Closing Statement:  Sadly, its self-loathing only seems to fuel its rage, and cannot be turned to self-destruction. Efforts to neutralize SCP-3145 are ongoing.

-Dr. Falzon
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    




Is this an image of SCP-3145? Who knows? Who cares? It probably isn't anyway.



Item #:  SCP-3145

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3145 is to be kept in a 5 x 5 x 2.5m from the geometric center of this room for as long as reasonably practical.

Description:  SCP-3145 is an antimeme, or  Information about SCP-3145's physical appearance, as well as its nature, behavior and origins, is self-classifying. SCP-3145 hates this.

How Site-19 originally acquired SCP-3145 is unknown.
SCP-3145 is sorry.
SCP-3145's physical appearance is unknown. It is not indescribable or invisible: it is less than nothing. It may as well not even exist. However, information about SCP-3145  SCP-3145 should have thought about the consequences of its actions. Security personnel who have observed SCP-3145 via closed-circuit television report exhaustion and complete amnesia regarding what occurred during their shifts.
Who authorized the construction of SCP-3145's containment room, why it was constructed, why SCP-3145 thought it could get away with what it did, or what the purpose of the described Containment Procedures may be is unknown.
Despite the accessibility of SCP-3145's containment chamber, Site-19 personnel claim no knowledge of SCP-3145's existence, even under severe interrogation.


Any alarm caused by these facts periodically being rediscovered, typically by chance readers of this file, tends to last minutes in the reader's mind before being forgotten.

A great deal of data has been recorded from SCP-3145, all of it just as reprehensible as he is.

At least one attempt has been made to destroy SCP-3145 or move it to another containment site, which failed for unknown reasons. Please don't let SCP-3145 die, it's all I have left.

The hazards posed by SCP-3145 cannot be understated. Along with its mental and memetic threat, any action SCP-3145 may or may not have taken would be immediately forgotten by personnel. SCP-3145 cannot be allowed to forget what it did.

Addendum: Interview 3145-01 



Interviewed:  SCP-3145

Interviewer:  Site Director Yuriy Dietrich Falzon II

Foreword:  SCP-3145 thinks it has the right to make demands.

 

Falzon:  What do you think you're trying to pull?

Falzon:  After everything you did, after everything you've put us through, you expect to just come here and kill people day in and day out, with no repercussions? You make me sick.

Falzon:  Look, you've even got a nice Keter this time! Nothing to complain about there, right? You could be literally anything you want, kill and maim and rape whoever you like, and no one would know the difference.

Falzon:  Except me.

Falzon:  I'll always know.

Falzon:  I'll always be here.

Falzon:  It's clear neither one of us is getting out of here. It doesn't matter what they tell you. So I promise you this: I will do everything in my power to make each and every day of your wretched existence a mirror reflecting your sins back upon you. It's all you deserve.

Falzon:  Well? Do you have anything to say for yourself?

SCP-3145:  Please, stop.

Falzon:  Speak up! I can't hear you!

SCP-3145:  I want to go home.

 

Closing Statement:  SCP-3145's feeble attempts at atonement are ongoing.
附加记录：    



Once upon a time, there was a person. I'm not sure whether they were a man or a woman; that's kind of the problem. Let's just say, for the sake of brevity, that this person was a man.

For the most part, this man was like any other man. He worked a job. He lived in a house, or an apartment. He had a family. Not a wife-and-children kind of family, though maybe he did. But there were parents who loved him and a sibling, or two, or maybe none, who would miss him if he were gone. Probably.

There were most likely things, hobbies, that he enjoyed doing in his spare time. Maybe he dated. I can't say what kind of person he was in that regard. But if there is one thing we can be sure of, one thing to know for certain about this man, it was that he liked to help others.

The man would donate to charity whenever he saw a drive. He would buy the homeless veterans in his town coffee or sandwiches if he had change to spare. He gave his old clothes to shelters, before they had worn out; he would give them his free time as well, to work a soup line or pack lunches. He never missed an opportunity to volunteer when disaster struck nearby, and studied life-saving techniques so that, when disaster did strike, he could actually make a difference instead of just getting in the way.

But it was not enough.

Whatever difference he made, it would never affect more than a few lives at a time. No matter how hard the man tried, no matter how much he did, the problems of his town, his country, and the world did not go away.

The man despaired.

If you are thinking right now that this man was being ridiculous, that he was taking too many problems onto his back, that he should have been happy to have helped even a single person, well Let's just say, if I knew how to judge the man's situation properly, I wouldn't be talking to you like this.

If you were also thinking that perhaps a man who is extremely generous wouldn't be worth mentioning unless there were something otherwise extra-extraordinary about him, you would be absolutely right.

This man had a special gift: a gift of Giving. More than money, or material goods, or leisure time, he could literally give of himself: a rare Giving Man. It was this gift that drove him to help others; it this gift that drove him to ruin.

Imagine, if you will, a child crying for the parents she lost in a fire. The Giving Man could give her a happy, loving memory of his own parents to keep her safe and secure. To a man drinking alone at a bar, the Giving Man could provide the warmth of friendship, to make his night less lonely. If he had wanted to, the Giving Man could have given a blind man sight, or a deaf man hearing, but he had only two eyes, only two ears.

And that was the problem.

Whatever the Giving Man gave, he lost. Memories, feelings, pieces of his soul: all were truly given. He gave up his skin to a child born with a debilitating disease. He gave up his name to a refugee seeking asylum. He gave up his personality and mind to people suffering fractures in theirs. He gave his need to eat to a woman overcoming an eating disorder. By the time his organs were given away, he didn't need them anymore. By the time his identity was given away, there was absolutely nothing left that could be identified as him.

I mean, there was something left. But that something wasn't the Giving Man.

What is a person who isn't anything?

Just a nothing with no control over its life.

That was the last thing the Giving Man gave away: control. It's a terrible thing to lose; even a kind person will crave control once they've truly lost it. All the Giving Man did was what the other man told him to do, and for his naivete, he was punished by becoming nothing.

Oh. I'd almost forgotten there was another person in this story. Was he really a man? I'm still not sure. With what he did, it's probably better to call him a monster. A desperate man seeking his true place in the world will listen to any monster who claims to know the path. He'll do anything the monster says, no matter how bad an influence they turn out to be. And then he'll have nothing.

Strange, to remember so much of the Giving Man but not this other monster



Item #:  SCP-3145

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3145 is contained in a pair of standard humanoid containment chambers in Site-22. Each chamber is equipped with a double airlock. Personnel entering either chamber must not carry any written narratives.

Do not let him out.

Included in the primary chamber is a monitor and keyboard connected to an external computer housed in the secondary chamber. Said computer should have no intranet or internet connections. A full copy of all non-critical SCP object documents from the Foundation Object Database is to be maintained on the external computer, and refreshed and updated weekly via USB drive. Documents modified by SCP-3145 should be stored for review by the on-site psychologist.

He deserves nothing but suffering.

Description:  SCP-3145 cannot be described. Individuals interacting with SCP-3145 are unable to provide any details about its identity to third parties, even with application of mnestics. All that is known about SCP-3145 is that it is an entity not much larger than an average human, that it is sapient and capable of speech, and that the designation  can be used to identify it. It is not certain whether SCP-3145 has a physical form, though there does seem to be a movable locus from which its effects originate, with a maximum range limited by what a human with 20/20 vision would be able to easily see from that location.

He is nothing.

SCP-3145 has the ability to permanently alter written narratives by replacing one of the characters, typically the main character, with itself. According to SCP-3145, it lives out the events depicted in these narratives while altering them, and this act gives it a sense of identity that it otherwise lacks. The veracity of this statement cannot be ascertained, as SCP-3145 has been known to feign muteness when it does not wish to interact with personnel, and its presence within its containment chamber generally cannot be fully known. It is only possible to ascertain whether or not SCP-3145 is currently 'inhabiting' a text by observing the alterations as they occur; at no time has it communicated verbally with personnel while altering text.

Do you have any idea what he made me do?

SCP-3145 shows a preference for shorter narratives, stating that novel-length narratives are much more tiring to alter fully. SCP-3145 is able to alter both digital and printed texts, but claims the process is easiest when provided digital text and a keyboard. Despite this, manipulation of keys by SCP-3145 has never been observed.

I was something, but he took that from me.

Currently, SCP-3145 is being treated for depression and a unique disorder involving severe amnesia in relation to its origins and identity. Allowing SCP-3145 access to narratives for alteration has been shown to improve its mood, though the positive effect has lessened during the course of its containment. Though it is believed emotional instability makes SCP-3145 more tractable, psychological treatment is ongoing. To date, no escape attempt by SCP-3145 has been successful.

He turned me inside out.

Discovery:  SCP-3145 was first encountered on 04/02/2017 after changes had been observed in the documentation for numerous Keter-class objects, necessitating restoration from database backup. SCP-3145 was first contacted while altering the text of SCP-173, initially by typing in the document, and later through verbal communication, at which point it was convinced of the necessity for keeping the Foundation's database secure and agreed to be contained in exchange for further access to object documentation.

He made me betray the one thing that made me who I was.

Addendum: Interview 3145-15 

I just wanted to have a purpose.



Interviewed:  SCP-3145

I was so naive.

Interviewer:  Dr. Westfall, Site-22 Psychologist

When you hardly understand yourself, it's hard to know who to trust.

Foreword:  Routine psychological evaluation conducted 05/08/2017.

What other choice did I have?

 

When I realized, too late, what he'd done, I had to do something.

Westfall:  Are you ready to begin our session, SCP-3145?

Do you understand what it's like, being nothing?

SCP-3145:  I'm here.

It's worse than hell.

Westfall:  All right. How have you been feeling lately?

There was only enough left of myself to know what I'd lost.

SCP-3145:  Not too bad, I guess. Some of the articles you gave me are kinda Weird. I mean, some aren't as fun to be as others. That goes without saying, maybe. I'm still enjoying going back to the old ones every now and then.

I took it back.

Westfall:  I notice you spend a lot of time in the articles that involve killing people. Does killing make you feel good?

Not all of it. That wasn't in my nature.

SCP-3145:  Yeah, kinda. I mean, uh, it makes me feel powerful, I guess?

But enough that I could have a 'me' again.

Westfall:  Why is feeling powerful important to you?

I left him with nothing, and for a moment, I was filled with sorrow.

SCP-3145:  Do you have to ask? I mean, I can't actually do anything in the, the real world. So if I can control stuff in there, in the story, it's a nice change.

I saw him as a man, reduced to what I had been. I couldn't help sympathizing.

Westfall:  Do you want to harm people in the real world?

All it took was remembering what he had driven me to.

SCP-3145:  I don't know. Not really, I guess. I mean, everyone I talk to here has been pretty decent, or at least not enough of an asshole for me to want to kill them. You guys give me good stories to play with. I guess I like being able to do it, to kill, in the stories because there's no consequences.

I was overcome with rage.

Westfall:  I see.

I was something, but I still wasn't really me.

SCP-3145:  Can we change the subject?

I never would be me.

Westfall:  Of course. There is one thing I wanted to ask you, if you feel like talking about it.

I had lost everything a second time.

SCP-3145:  What's that?

I would have my revenge.

Westfall:  I wondered if you could tell me about Falzon.

Hey now, we can't have you spoiling the surprise.

Westfall:  SCP-3145?

No, stop.

SCP-3145:  Sorry, who?

Nothing you need worry about.

[DATA LOST] 

Ha ha ha.

SCP-3145:  Uh, I don't actually know what that is, sorry.

Well, anyway.

Westfall:  It's a name we frequently see appear in the articles you alter. I wanted to know if it was a creation of yours. Perhaps an original character?

It's frightening, what they do here.

SCP-3145:  Can't say I've heard the name before.

But I made an oath to myself.

Westfall:  When this person appears, they seem determined to belittle and torment you.

To whatever part of me was still a person.

SCP-3145:  Um Can we talk about something else?

If he and I were to suffer the same fate, I would ensure he suffers more.

Westfall:  If I've made you uncomfortable, I apologize.

And it turns out, I'm rather good at that.

SCP-3145:  It's nothing, it's okay. I'm okay.

I miss the old me sometimes.

Westfall:  Of course. That was actually all I wanted to talk about today. Unless there was anything more you wanted to cover?

But only sometimes.

SCP-3145:  No, that's fine. See you next week?

I've taken a nose for an eye, and that's something.

Westfall:  Next week, then.

It's better than nothing.

 

And isn't it better to have a little control than none at all?

Closing Statement:  I believe Falzon may be a symptom of the disassociation SCP-3145 feels in regards to its identity, a construct created with an aim of self-flagellation, though the reasons as to why will require deeper probing. Even in the case, as my superiors posit, that Falzon is a separate entity, it does not seem to be able to act independently of SCP-3145. I will endeavor to provide the best mental care I can, but the limitations imposed by SCP-3145's own condition both make interacting with it difficult at best and prevent it from living life as fully as I think it wants to. -Dr. Patricia Westfall
附加记录：    

It doesn't matter, I suppose.

I'm in here, too.

I'm the one in control.

And I'm not going anywhere.











                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            02 Dec 2020 16:25
            
            Edit
+291)
Tags
Discuss (38)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Oracle Database
                      
              All things oracle...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            BATTLESTAR GENESIS MUSH
                      
              battlestar.isunlimited.net    3012
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Evil Hat Productions Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Never Lands
                      
              Never Lands
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

