                        





Item #:  SCP-5331

Object Class:  Keter-provisi Safe-supernus

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-5331 is too distant from the Solar System to be considered a threat to normalcy. Observation cannot be conducted. Following the completion of amnesticization and coverup operations in collaboration with the Brazilian government and various astronomical agencies, no containment procedures are necessary.

Description:  SCP-5331 is a severed human skull, traveling at speeds in excess of 0.99999999c towards the constellation Microscopium in the southern celestial hemisphere. Monitoring suggests that the object possesses an extreme durability, maintaining its structural integrity despite repeated relativistic collisions and acceleration-induced stressors that would otherwise break human osseous tissue. At the present moment, its method of thrust is unknown.

The skull formerly belonged to Gracília Melo, an undergraduate astrophysics researcher who worked at the Arecibo Observatory in Arecibo, Puerto Rico. In the months prior to SCP-5331's creation, Melo had studied new ways of analyzing the astronomical radio data brought in by the telescope, applying linguistics, esoteric forms of cryptography, and the analysis of stochastic L-system grammars to yield results claimed by her to be  Cornell University rejected the paper.

On returning to her home city of Itanhaém, Brazil in June of 1996, Melo continued astronomical studies with equipment set up in the backyard of her parents' house. She was noted as being reserved during this time, sleeping by the equipment to  or tune into broadcasts she reportedly heard. Halfway through the month she developed a notable interest in motorsports.

At 02:31 on 17/06/1996, Melo's parents were awoken by the sound of an explosion in the backyard. On arrival they found Melo in a state of spontaneous combustion. Plasma fired from her eye sockets, buccal cavity, and foramen magnum, vaporizing her flesh and setting fire to the surroundings in a 11 meter radius. The skeletal system restructured into a form bearing resemblance to multistage rockets and took off from the terrain.

Over the next four hours the Brazilian military tracked SCP-5331 as it accelerated in an upwards trajectory, performing its first stage separation after breaking the sound barrier at a height of 11km. The sonic boom was heard by a passenger airliner 5km away, albeit with abnormal shifts in pitch; the vibrations paralleled the sounds of a cheering crowd, with a flash of green light accompanying the event. Second stage separation was confirmed at 03:01 (height 100km), and at 03:10 the anomaly reached terrestrial escape velocity.

Solar escape velocity was attained at 05:00. At this point SCP-5331 had exited Earth's gravity well and was accelerating towards the speed of light. Monitoring was conducted by observing the gamma rays released as the object relativistically collided with the interplanetary dust cloud.

On 19/06/1996, following a massive burst of blueshifted radiation, SCP-5331 vanished. Owing to a lack of sighted debris or gamma ray emissions, the leading hypothesis is that the anomaly breached the threshold of 1c and entered faster-than-light speeds, though this is unconfirmed. No sightings have been made since.

Responding to a massive anomalous incident, Foundation personnel were scrambled to Itanhaém and began negotiations with the Brazilian government to aid in coverup operations, promising a loosening of restrictions on governmental anomaly usage in exchange for complete military cooperation. Negotiations were concluded that day, and, in cooperation with global astronomical agencies,2 the Foundation began restricting the flow of information on SCP-5331 and amnesticizing where necessary.

Melo's parents were hospitalized prior to Foundation involvement. Both had suffered partial-body burn wounds, ranging from second- to third-degree; owing to otherwise stable conditions, interviews under police report guises could be conducted. The only memorabilia recovered from the house before it burned down from the anomaly was a note written by Melo, taped on the door to the backyard. Fire damage destroyed the majority of its contents, though several remaining fragments were legible. Translations from Portuguese are as follows:



I've entered a race. You know where it's going to be. The track is spanning from []
附加记录：    



[]
附加记录：    



[]
附加记录：    



[]
附加记录：    



[]
附加记录：    



[] love you always. Tell Cornell I'm bringing the trophy back.
附加记录：    

It is of note that, at the time of SCP-5331's activity, a cluster of unidentified objects traveling at similarly relativistic speeds were recorded passing through the solar system on trajectories towards Microscopium.

Footnotes
1. In charge of the Arecibo Observatory from its construction in the 1960s to 2011.
2. See: The 1959 Bermuda Accords On Responses to Anomalous Extraterrestrial Events and Maintaining the Veil Globally.


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            29 May 2020 10:43
            
            Edit
+92)
Tags
Discuss (7)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Share Coke Codes
                      
              Sharing happiness by sharing Coke rewards codes.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Soymilk Linkshell
                      
              Professional, drama-free dynamis since 2005!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            airchair-ultralight-gliders
                      
              Building and flying the Goat and Bug style of airchair ultralight gliders
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Connors Campaigns
                      
              My dashboard for RPGs, Music, Sports, and more.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

