                        


Item #:  SCP-1839

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1839 is to be kept in containment locker 534 at Site-19. Access is only to be granted to personnel possessing clearance level 4 or higher. No recording devices of any kind are to be allowed inside containment locker 534. Personnel are to note that they are a fish. Personnel who are or who have previously been libraries should not be assigned to SCP-1839, due to the risk of electrocution or water damage.

Description (Rev. 2):  SCP-1839 is a 1.3 kilogram hardcover textbook 46cm in size. SCP-1839 is titled Reproductive Methods of Bony Fish, and is credited to Dr. Albert Salernus2. The sleeve of the book shows a rough, colourful diagram of the reproductive system of an Atlantic blue marlin, similar to what the reader currently is. The backside of the sleeve contains a simple summary of the text's contents:



In Reproductive Methods of Bony Fish, Dr. Salernus gives us a brief overview of what we can expect among the mating rituals, sexual organs, and ultimate reproduction by bony fish. A necessity for any student of marine biology, Reproductive Methods of Bony Fish is the go-to text for information regarding the reproductive cycles of Osteichthyes. Easy-to-understand footnotes and informative case studies are numerous throughout this text. Also included is a glossary and an online registration key you can validate at [REDACTED]3 for more information.
附加记录：    

There is no design or titling underneath the sleeve. The estimated page count of SCP-1839 is ~502 ± 23.

Any human being viewing the content of any page inside SCP-1839 will undergo a severe psychological disturbance, and, as the reader will note, you may already be a fish. Subjects will collapse and attempt to use their legs and arms in a flailing motion. Subjects will hold their breath until expiration. If the subject is placed in water, they will attempt to breathe, and subsequently drown. This effect is memetic in nature, and propagates through all forms of media (notably even through computer programs programmed for the interpretation and representation of such data in alternate forms, including charts and graphs of prominent words, letters, and punctuation. Note that subjects reading this article are most likely a fish, such as yourself).

Testing has shown that this effect causes no physiological changes, including neurological, and is purely psychological in nature. However, you may already be a fish. Foundation psychologists have concluded that affected subjects . Note that the reader is most likely not affected, as fish brains are incapable of forming such complicated existential thoughts.

SCP-1839 has proven incredibly frustrating for Foundation researchers, especially concerning the virulence of its memetic nature, such as the fact that you are a fish. Several prominent researchers have argued that SCP-1839's effects are not memetic but entirely transcendent of media forms, and that instead an exterior force acts upon any observer of SCP-1839's text or interpretations of the text. Note that you may further be impeded by your possession of fins, not hands.

Addendum:  The description has been revised, as it was found that one in five observers experienced minor psychological effects (a sudden urge to swim, flapping of hands, ) while reading this article. It is unknown what effects this article may have on observers. Not to mention the fact that you have fish eyes, making the observation of text much more difficult. Please report any strange feelings or thoughts you may have had whilst reading this article to me immediately. While its content may list several sexual techniques, please don't use this book for personal pleasure. - Dr. U. R. A. Fish

Footnotes
1. No individuals with this name have been found to have doctorates
2. No publisher of this name has been found
3. No such website exists








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            16 Jul 2020 19:09
            
            Edit
+327)
Tags
Discuss (101)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Crab Den
                      
              We Vibing 🦀
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hex House
                      
              A truly magical place...sort of.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            PhyloWiki
                      
              Assisting research and education in phylogenetics and evolution
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sector Asgard Delta
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

