                        




SCP-3174 after initial cleaning



Item #:  SCP-3174

Object Class:  Euclid Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  When not in use, SCP-3174 must be locked inside a standard locker in secure storage. After the events of Incident 3174-A , SCP-3174 must be contained within a single locker in a sealed room in complete darkness. Under no circumstances are researchers with children permitted to handle SCP-3174.

Description:  SCP-3174 is a handmade doll, 30 centimeters in height and dressed in a red vest that covers most of its body. It is mainly composed of simple black and red cloth. Two white buttons are stitched to the item's face. When in its active state, SCP-3174 is able to produce muffled sounds. Although largely unintelligible, extensive vocal analysis has shown these noises are attempts at speaking German. SCP-3174's inability to enunciate is likely a result of it not having a mouth. It is also able to move on its own: it has displayed strength superior to a human in the past, as well as a maximum running speed of 50 Km/h. SCP-3174 has also displayed some additional, small-scale anomalous properties during interaction with parents and children, the extent of which are still under investigation.

SCP-3174's anomalous properties activate when a human child (ranging from age 3 to 12) and a subject the child identifies as a parental figure enter within a 10 meter radius of SCP-3174. The item will animate, and normally attempts to interact with the younger subject through noises and gestures. It has been shown to engage in anything from simple games of catch, to more complex  in German while flailing its limbs at them, often resulting in minor abrasions. In extreme cases of neglectful and/or abusive behavior, the item directly attacks the adult without any warning, attempting to climb them to hit them on the head with considerable brute force, often causing major wounds. In these cases, the adults were known for violent and/or abusive behavior.

Recovery:  SCP-3174 was retrieved near the city of ██████, in Bavaria, Germany. The item came to the Foundation's attention after numerous reports from tourists visiting the decommissioned mines of ████ encountering SCP-3174. Operatives were sent to investigate, and located SCP-3174 in an isolated tunnel near a crumbled wall in its inactive state. SCP-3174 was contained without incident, and all involved civilians were treated with Class-B amnestics and released. The mines of ████ have been closed to the public and placed under Foundation authority.

Addendum 3174-A-01:  After extensive investigation into the ████ mines, Foundation agents found twelve skeletons, ranging from 6 to 12 years old, in a sealed off section of the mine. Radiocarbon dating dates these remains to approximately 1720. The remains were huddled together against the wall, suggesting they died of suffocation or starvation due to a cave-in. The remains have been stored for further analysis on site.

+3174

-log


All experiments have been conducted by Dr. Corvino. Due to the low risk presented by the object, volunteers from personnel have been used for these tests, unless otherwise stated.



Experiment 3174-01 

Subject A:  █████ Soares (age 8)

Subject B:  ███████ Soares (father)

Relationship:  Relationship between Subject A and Subject B has been described as functional and close.

Result:  The item activates approximately 20 seconds after Subject A and Subject B enter its area of influence. Item proceeds to engage Subject A in a game of catch, prompting Subject B to play along. Subject B is instructed to do so. After a period of 47 minutes, Subject A declares to be  in German) is found in Subject B's pocket. The badge does not show any particular properties, and has been stored for further testing.
附加记录：    



Experiment 3174-02 

Subject A:  ██████ Albrektson (age 4)

Subject B:  ██████ Albrektson (mother)

Relationship:  Relationship between subject A and subject B has been described as functional and close.

Result:  The item activates 12 seconds after Subject A and Subject B enter its area of influence. Item proceeds to engage with Subject A in a drawing contest. Papers and crayons are provided. SCP-3174 prompts Subject B to join. Subject B is instructed to refuse. SCP-3174 insists for about 22 minutes with increasing harshness before assaulting Subject B without lethal force, pulling her hair until Subject B was instructed to join the drawing session. At that point, the item immediately returned to being docile, and the test continued without incident for 3 hours and 45 minutes, until Subject A fell asleep, causing SCP-3174 to deactivate. A small, gold token engraved with  in German) is found in Subject B's pocket. The badge doesn't show any anomalous properties, and has been stored for further testing.
附加记录：    



Experiment 3174-03 

Subject A:  ████ Small (age 6)

Subject B:  ██████ Hardy (Adoptive father)

Relationship:  Relationship between subject A and subject B has been described as functional and close.

Result:  The item activates 17 seconds after Subject A and Subject B enter its area of influence. It then engaged subject A in a game of cops and robbers, playing the role of robber. The item prompted Subject B to join. Subject B was instructed to do so. Test continued without incident for 1 hour and 23 minutes, until Subject A declared being  in German) is found in Subject B's pocket. The badge doesn't show any anomalous properties, and has been stored for further testing.
附加记录：    



Experiment 3174-04 

Subject A:  ████████ McConnell (age 5)

Subject B:  ██████ Baglio (Uncle)

Relationship:  Relationship between Subject A and Subject B has been described as not very close.

Result:  SCP-3174 did not activate.
附加记录：    



Experiment 3174-05 

Subject A:  █████ Braune (age 10)

Subject B:  ████████ Carter (mother)

Relationship:  Relationship between Subject A and Subject B has been described as dysfunctional, as Subject B does not have the time to take care of Subject A

Result:  The item activates 7 seconds after subject A and subject B enter into its area of influence. Item proceeds to play 'doctor' with Subject A, prompting Subject B to join. Subject B is instructed to do so. The test continues without incident for 38 minutes, before Subject A declares they are happy, causing SCP-3174 to deactivate. A small silver token engraved with in German) is found in Subject B's pocket. The badge doesn't show any anomalous properties, and has been stored for further testing.
附加记录：    



Experiment 3174-06 

Subject A:  ██████ Ivanov (age 10)

Subject B:  D-8872-05 (father)

Relationship:  Subject B has a history of domestic abuse towards Subject A and her mother.

Result:  The item activates 2 seconds after Subject A and Subject B enter into its area of influence. Item is noted to move in a jittery manner. As soon as D-8872-05 enters the item's field of view, SCP-3174 assaulted Subject B, rapidly climbing up his clothes before starting to hit his face with considerable blunt force, causing numerous wounds that included a broken nose and a broken jaw before deactivating on its own. A small copper token stating  in German) is found in Subject B's pocket. The badge does not show any anomalous properties, and has been stored for further testing.
附加记录：    



Experiment 3174-07 

Subject A:  █████ Pender (age 6)

Subject B:  N/A (deceased)

Relationship: 

Result:  The item did not activate when Subject A entered its area of influence. After 27 seconds, Subject A started to vocalize excitement, and began to talk and play on her own. When later questioned, Subject A described two entities, who were later identified as Subject B's parents, coming out from behind SCP-3174 to play with her. No trace of these entities has been picked up by security cameras, nor any anomaly from SCP-3174. A small platinum token engraved with  in English was found into Subject A's pocket. The badge does not show any anomalous properties, and has been stored for further testing.
附加记录：    



Experiment 3174-08 

Subject A:  N/A (deceased)

Subject B:  Agent Wray (mother)

Relationship:  N/A

Result:  [REDACTED] A small platinum token engraved with  in English was found in Subject B's pocket. The badge does not show any anomalous properties, and has been stored for further testing. SCP-3174 was recovered without incident. Agent Wray requested administration of amnestic. The request was granted.
附加记录：    




Incident 3174-A:  On ██/█/2008, SCP-3174 broke containment. Due to the containment procedures at the time, no one noticed until the breach had already occurred. SCP-3174 managed to sneak into Dr. Corvino's office and kidnap him, physically dragging him out of the site without encountering any resistance due to the suddenness of the escape. Dr. Corvino contacted Foundation personnel after 2 hours and 45 minutes, as SCP-3174 had brought Dr. Corvino back to his home, where his daughter (age 8) was having a birthday party. SCP-3174 forced Dr. Corvino to take part in the celebration, and then proceeded to entertain all children present with a game of hide and seek until Foundation personnel came to retrieve it without further incident. All civilians involved were given class-B amnestic and released. A small silver token engraved with  request is pending.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                toy
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 19:27
            
            Edit
+107)
Tags
Discuss (18)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            BATTLESTAR GENESIS MUSH
                      
              battlestar.isunlimited.net    3012
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Portalul Seriilor de Informatica
                      
              Facultatea de Matematica si Informatica, Universitatea din Bucuresti
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            the money making encyclopedia
                      
              Make money with us and have a fun
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Captain Barefoot
                      
              The naturist guide to the Greek Islands
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

