                        




A World War 2-era aeroplane, partially consumed by SCP-3766



Item №:  SCP-3766

Anomaly Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  As a method of preventing the effects of SCP-3766 has not yet been found, no plan for containment of SCP-3766 besides basic media suppression has been devised at time of writing.

Description:  SCP-3766 are semi-metaphysical creatures, capable of feeding on the conceptual base of anything deemed cm in height, and composed almost entirely from desiccated plant matter and matted hair from various creatures. Attempts to neutralise SCP-3766 have resulted in instantaneous binary fission, which is presumed to be their primary method of reproduction.

SCP-3766 instances are native to a hitherto uncharted Polynesian island approximately 12km in diameter, located at the centre of a perception altering field, the net result of which is to render the island invisible to any subjects less than 200 metres from its border. A probabilistic anomaly (believed to be an intrinsic property of SCP-3766) also affects the island, and all vehicles (air, sea, or otherwise) passing within 500 metres will inevitably crash in its vicinity. This is due to external circumstances in 96% of cases, the other 4% being directly caused by SCP-3766.

When left unobserved, SCP-3766 will construct life-size models of vehicles from any available material, and position these on the beach. Within 48 hours of the model's creation, the model's real-life counterpart will attempt to move close to the island (ordinarily following pre-planned routes), and will fall victim to SCP-3766's effects. Despite extensive research, no anomalous influence has been found to cause this correlation.

The following is a highly abridged list of noteworthy models constructed by SCP-3766-1 instances, and the effects thereof:


Date
Details of Model
Effect


19/03/1989
First model noted by the Foundation. Appeared to be a replica of a small sailing ship, complete with twenty model crew members and sails woven from natural fibres.
A ship of similar size, returning from port, was drawn into the island by abnormally severe weather patterns in the region. Although initially intending to take only eighteen crew members, the captain (one Marcus Llewellyn), changed plans just before setting sail, allowing two others passage. All human crew members consumed by SCP-3766 alongside the boat itself.


14/08/1994
First non-seafaring vehicle replicated by SCP-3766, resembling a commercial passenger plane with a number of human passengers.
All passengers consumed by SCP-3766 on landing. Aircraft used as the centrepiece for a primitive celebration, after which it was also consumed.


03/12/2003
A small vehicle, vaguely resembling several known brands of speedboat. Model was left on the beach for an abnormally long period of time, upwards of three weeks.
Several vehicles similar to the model were stolen by a local gang, and anchored nearby. During a storm two weeks later, one such vehicle came unfastened and drifted into the others, which quickly followed suit. All vehicles were drawn towards the island by natural water currents, and were consumed by SCP-3766 over a number of months.


29/01/2017
A large, vaguely cylindrical object, tapered at one end with a number of spurs (tree branches) arranged radially.
SCPSAT-044A, a Foundation-owned communication satellite, underwent scheduled deorbiting. Complications arose, and the satellite made a direct impact 50 metres offshore from the island. While initially observed with suspicion by SCP-3766 instances, it was quickly consumed along with its contents.


06/06/2021
[REDACTED] 
[REDACTED]  See Addendum.1 for more information.



Addendum.1:  On 27/05/2021, despite worries over hostility from SCP-3766, the decision was made to station a permanent ten-man task force on the island. Research Task Force Gamma-Digamma () was formed shortly after.

Almost immediately after the initial island survey began, RTF-Γ-Ϝ Leader Micheals located a small, partially concealed cave on the eastern shorefront. The cave contained several SCP-3766 instances, who watched the intrusion warily, and ten humanoid models, dressed in white coats woven from dried grasses.

Preliminary examination of relevant materials placed these models at just over 48 hours old. Contact with RTF-Γ-Ϝ was lost shortly afterwards.

Footnotes
1. For more information on abstract reduction (and the inevitable annihilation of related objects) consult the Foundation Guide to Metaphysical Anomalies.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 22:44
            
            Edit
+51)
Tags
Discuss (2)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Isocentre Archive
                      
              Where ideas intersect
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Heroes MUSH
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Environmental Journalists in India
                      
              Sign Up Here If Your Ink Is Green
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Great Dane 28 owners club
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

