                        


Item #:  SCP-4125

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  All instances of SCP-4125 are to be kept within a single ventilated containment cell in Site-14, which is to be exempt from standard janitorial protocols. Whenever an instance of SCP-4125-1 manifests, the cell is to be provided with unlaundered articles of clothing, unwashed dishes and cutlery, as well as the equipment necessary to clean the aforementioned objects and the cell around them. These objects are to remain available for as long as an instance of SCP-4125-1 remains active.

All instances of SCP-4125 are to be fitted with microphones for recording of vocalizations, which are to be filtered through a SCRA23 auditory cognitohazard filter, before being analyzed for possible signs of sapience. If an instance of SCP-4125-1 demonstrates any indication of being sapient or aware of its surroundings in its vocalizations, the current SCP-4125 research head is to be contacted. All communication during interviews with sapient instances of SCP-4125-1 is to go through an intercommunication device attached to a SCRA23 automated auditory cognitohazard filter.

Following Incident 4125-5, the recovery site of SCP-4125 is to remain under constant surveillance for the manifestation of further anomalous entities.

Description:  SCP-4125 is a set of 14 gray-green boiler suits devoid of tags or other manufacturer information, designated SCP-4125-A to SCP-4125-M. The objects show damage consistent with approximately 10-20 years of exposure to underwater conditions, although all attempts at dating them have so far proven inconclusive. The objects completely lack openings aside from those for the neck, hands, and feet, rendering them impossible to wear for humanoid subjects.

At random intervals,2 they constantly emit, which tends to form into a generally humanoid shape within the SCP-4125 instance. Although incorporeal and incapable of manipulating their surroundings by conventional means, instances of SCP-4125-1 are able to manipulate objects through the SCP-4125 instance in which they manifest, often utilizing the sleeves of the suits to hold or grab objects. In addition, SCP-4125-1 instances levitate approximately 5cm above the ground at all times. Despite this, SCP-4125-1 instances usually make motions resembling a shuffling, bipedal gait while in motion.

When left unattended, instances of SCP-4125-1 will attempt to perform various menial labor tasks if provided with proper equipment, including but not limited to cleaning their surroundings as well as washing unlaundered clothing and unwashed dishes and kitchenware, and renovating buildings and infrastructure. If no such equipment is provided, the entities will simply attempt to scrub available surfaces using the sleeves of the SCP-4125 instance, presumably in an attempt to clean them. Most instances of SCP-4125-1 are known to sometimes follow simple commands in English, Armenian, Greek, and Turkish.

Instances of SCP-4125-1 regularly emit noises similar to sobbing and audio static, and have been known to vocalize various often heavily muffled phrases in English at random intervals. Approximately 31% of these vocalizations, alongside 14% of assorted noises, contain auditory memetic cognitohazards known to cause the following long-term symptoms in listeners:

Difficulties in falling asleep.
Occasional short-term and long-term memory loss, including difficulty forming new memories.
Extremely vivid and often lucid dreams, with many subjects reporting dreaming of  and fractal shapes.
Self-reported increase in exhaustion
Self-reported feelings of alienation from and apathy towards the world around them
Periods of unresponsiveness to external stimuli
Flattening of emotional responses and affects
Frequent and uncontrollable bouts of melancholy and longing, with subjects often reporting feelings of immense nostalgia towards something they have never experienced, often associated with the vivid dreams that accompany the infection
Periods of uncontrollable sobbing at random intervals


After initial infection, symptoms usually begin to manifest in three to five days, with the longest reported time between infection and initial manifestation of symptoms being 41 days. Infection usually ends on its own after approximately 5-7 months. Amnestic treatment has proven ineffective.

Showvocalizations

ACCESSGRANTED




No. No. How could they? I have been so [unintelligible]
附加记录：    



I love them. I am doing this because I love them. They love me and I love them. I don't hate them, I love them. [sobbing]
附加记录：    



They are so [unintelligible]
附加记录：    



[REDACTED BY SCRA23]
附加记录：    



[unintelligible]
附加记录：    



I deserve this. I deserve this. This is what I deserve. I deserve this. [Instance continued repeating these phrases for approximately 14 minutes]
附加记录：    



I have never had unkind thoughts about [REDACTED BY SCRA23]
附加记录：    



[unintelligible]
附加记录：    



My body used to [unintelligible] but I can't feel that anymore. I can't feel my body anymore.
附加记录：    



How could it ever come to this? They were supposed to [unintelligible]
附加记录：    



A star! A star!
附加记录：    



They love me. They are doing this because they love me. They love me and I love them. They don't hate me, they love me. [Laughter and heavy static, then sobbing]
附加记录：    



[Laughter, then sobbing]
附加记录：    



[unintelligible]
附加记录：    



[unintelligible]
附加记录：    



May their names and memories be I can't [unintelligible]
附加记录：    



I followed the [unintelligible] been so blind?
附加记录：    



[unintelligible] so full of stars, once. We were so full of stars, up there.
附加记录：    



It was all lies. All of it. [unintelligible]
附加记录：    



They are so beautiful, [REDACTED BY SCRA23] could I not have done what I did?
附加记录：    



I have never turned away from [REDACTED BY SCRA23] I promise. I promise.
附加记录：    



I'm forgetting it, why am I [unintelligible]
附加记录：    



[unintelligible]
附加记录：    



Failed the archons. Failed the archons. I have failed the archons.
附加记录：    




Recovery: 

SCP-4125 was discovered on July 3, 1986, when a cargo ship reported observing large amounts of smoke rising out of the ocean at approximately 47°N 140°W. The cargo ship contacted the Canadian Coast Guard, which in turn contacted the Foundation after discovering several smoking humanoid figures, later classed SCP-4125-1, attempting to clean and repair the wreck of an approximately 100m long cruise ship.

Analysis of the shipwreck revealed that a large spherical section of the ship's interior, including parts of the hull, are missing completely. This is currently presumed to be the cause of the wreckage, as all other damage to the ship appears to be caused by factors relating to the wreckage itself. In addition, the ship lacks all identifying information as well as most furniture, and would likely not be habitable to human subjects before sinking. Several rooms aboard the ship seemed to serve as storage for various electronic equipment of unknown purpose, all heavily damaged by prolonged exposure to seawater. A vast majority of the internal walls were painted with fractal patterns, some of which carry the same memetic cognitohazards as the vocalization of SCP-4125-1 instances. Despite no corpses being found aboard or near the shipwreck, several complete naval uniforms corresponding to no known military or civilian organization were found aboard, all showing damage similar to that of the SCP-4125 instances. These uniforms lacked all identifying information with the exception of a five-pointed tin star affixed to the cap in the spot of the cap badge.

Initial Foundation recovery of an instance of SCP-4125 occurred on July 7, when an unmanned exploration vehicle recovered the object now classed SCP-4125-A, then believed to be a non-anomalous jumpsuit. Shortly after being taken aboard the SCPS █████, the entity later classed as SCP-4125-A-1 manifested and began to scrub the deck using its sleeves before being subdued by security personnel. As the Foundation remained unsure of the anomalous properties of SCP-4125-1 instances, the decision was made to wait until the instances demanifested and then recover the inert SCP-4125 instances.

Incident 4125-4: 

On March 13, 1991, SCP-4125-E-57 vocalized the following statement during washing of Foundation jumpsuits:



[REDACTED BY SCRA23]
附加记录：    

This marks the first sign of self-awareness observed from an instance of SCP-4125-1. Following the possible discovery of sapience in SCP-4125-E-57, standard interview protocols were conducted.

Interview13.3.1991

ACCESSGRANTED




Interviewed:  SCP-4125-E-57

Interviewer:  Dr. Nicholas

Foreword:  This interview was conducted to ascertain the possible sapience of SCP-4125-E-57. It was conducted through an intercom outfitted with a SCRA23 automated auditory cognitohazard filter to filter out auditory memetic cognitohazards from the vocalizations of SCP-4125-E-57.

 

Dr. Nicholas:  Greetings, SCP-4125-E-57. If you can hear me and are capable of responding, please state your name for the record.

SCP-4125-E-57:  Another person? I am [unintelligible] recognize me?

Dr. Nicholas:  I do not.

SCP-4125-E-57:  I'm an actor. Or I at least used to be, I think. I played the main character in A Piece of Star-Filled Sky, I was in Eyes Yet To Open, I was in 3

Dr. Nicholas  I'm sorry to say, but I do not.

SCP-4125-E-57:  What has happened to me? She looked so damn beautiful in that makeup. What have they [unintelligible]

Dr. Nicholas  Are you aware of the Foundation and its activities?

SCP-4125-E-57:  I have forgotten so much, but I remember it. I don't know how, but I remember the Foundation. I remember the grey concrete walls, the white labcoats, the same kind that 4. Like that whale monster from that one movie, I can't remember the name. That's it, that's all I can remember.

Dr. Nicholas  I'll look into it. Are you aware that you are an anomalous non-human entity?

SCP-4125-E-57:  I am human. I remain human. I can't feel my body. I can't feel my soul, but I remain human. I have to. They told me I would remain human, even when [unintelligible]

Dr. Nicholas:  Do you know what caused you to become an anomalous entity?

SCP-4125-E-57:  I was cast down. That must have been it. This is a punishment, at least I think it's a punishment for [unintelligible]

Dr. Nicholas:  A transgression? Against who?

SCP-4125-E-57:  The Archons. Cruel and rapacious spirits from the [unintelligible] but I loved them.

Dr. Nicholas:  What is the Fifth World?

SCP-4125-E-57:  Imagine endless hallways, like in a big hotel, the patterns on the floor and the pattern on the walls swirling like smoke as you flow past them, feeling it all move through yourself as you've never moved before. Imagine the night sky, so full of stars, but the stars are all [unintelligible] must have been the transgression. I doubted them, and I doubted the Fifth World.

Dr. Nicholas:  Can you tell me more about how you entered this place?

SCP-4125-E-57:  I'm sorry, it's [unintelligible]. It was on a big ship, wasn't it? It probably was, or at least I can remember the sea and the night sky and all the stars. Or was that in the Fifth World? I've lost so much, I'm sorry.

Dr. Nicholas:  Were you alone during this procedure or were others present, anomalous or otherwise?

SCP-4125-E-57:  There were others, many others. I can't remember their faces, they swirl around in my head and twist together. Tamarah wasn't there, that much I'm certain of. Big film guys, most of them, you essentially had to be a big film guy to get in there. Producers, directors, musicians, and actors like me, of course. There was that one man from the Church, Stanford something or what was his name, looking real fine in his blue uniform with the star insignia. He was there, now I remember, he was the one who [unintelligible] were probably around four or five of them. It was so hard to make it out, I can't really remember, might have been thousands of them spinning around in that big room, might have been just one as far as I saw. But there were probably around four or five of them.

Dr. Nicholas:  Can you remember if any of these people were present in the location you arrived at?

SCP-4125-E-57:  I'm not sure, I think I saw Kramer in a hallway once, looking out over the ocean. That's what his name was, the man in the naval uniform. Stan Kramer, real nice guy. I don't know where the others went, though, or even if they ever got up there. There were many others there, people that I did't recognize. None from the film business. Many of them seemed to have been there a lot longer than me. Some didn't even speak English, I think, though things like that weren't usually an issue up there. Didn't talk much, most of the ones who had been there longer than me.

Dr. Nicholas:  Are you aware of the fact that while we have observed many individuals in a similar state as yours, you are the first to respond to questions?

SCP-4125-E-57:  Yeah, I figured as much. I think I saw others, briefly, can't remember where. Others enduring similar things as me, many who seemed to have gone through this thing more times than I had. We were all put into this big room, like an auditorium or conference hall, me and a large bunch of different people. At least most of them looked like they had once been people. It was really cramped. Most of them were just mumbling incoherent things, cursing or praising the Archons like broken records or sobbing. Not that it listened. It stood so proud, there at the seashore, just radiating arrogance. I can't remember a word of what it said, yet the message was clear. We had [REDACTED BY SCRA23] were to be punished for it. That thing, it had so many colors, too, inside it, so many colors that I hadn't seen before I first ever entered that place. I haven't seen the colors since, not like I saw them up there. They were so much more vivid, up there. I'm forgetting them, I've forgotten so much.

Dr. Nicholas:  Thank you, I believe that is all. Is there anything else you remember or want to say, or shall I conclude the interview?

SCP-4125-E-57:  I'm sorry. I shouldn't have spoken to you, they told me not to [unintelligible]

 

Closing Statement:  After the conclusion of this interview, SCP-4125-E-57 has become unresponsive and all further attempts to communicate with it have failed. SCP-4125-E-57 continues to occasionally emit noises similar to audio static.
附加记录：    




On April 30, 1991, SCP-4125-E-57 demanifested as normal. Five days later, approximately 41% of Site-14 personnel were found to suffer from the cognitohazardous effects of SCP-4125-1 instances, despite never having been in contact with an instance of SCP-4125-1. The cause of this is currently unknown.

██

DEACTIVATINGCAMOUFLAGE


This Incident Report is under investigation by the Counterconceptual Division, and has been protected with Alfa-class Counterconceptual Camouflage in addition to standard network security measures. If you are able to see this message, you have received the proper inoculation to read this report. 

Incident 4125-5: 

On May 5, 1991, the OSCAZ Internal Network Crawler5 detected that approximately 15 minutes of security footage from Site-14 had gone unreviewed since their recording on April 30, 1991. Review of the footage showed that it depicted an anomalous entity resembling a large cloud of smoke, designated SCP-4125-α. This entity appears capable of creating a large variety of visual antimemetic cognitohazards designed to prevent observers from forming memories of it or recordings of it, as well as memetic cognitohazards with effects similar to the vocalizations of SCP-4125-1 instances. In addition, the entity displayed minor reality-bending capabilities.



Foreword:  The video was transcribed by researchers under the effect of mnestic drugs, used to inhibit the effects of the antimemetic cognitohazards present in the video. A MBLE25 automated visual cognitohazard filter was used to automatically filter out visual memetic cognitohazards.

 

[00:00-03:11]:  SCP-4125-α appears over the horizon northwest of Site-14, levitating approximately 5m off the ground. Entity approaches the main gate of Site-14.

[03:12-03:15]:  SCP-4125-α uses reality-bending abilities to open the main gate to Site-14 and enters the site. Site-14 records show that the on-site Kant counter designed to detect local fluctuations in reality experienced an electrical failure at approximately 03:13, leaving them unable to detect the reality fluctuations caused by SCP-4125-α. Security Officers guarding the gate do not notice the entity.

[09:20-13:51]:  SCP-4125-α levitates towards the Euclid-Class Containment Wing of Site-14. Site staff are frequently seen noticing the entity, before being affected by its antimemetic effects and forgetting it.

[13:52-14:24]:  SCP-4125-α arrives outside the containment chamber of SCP-4125, using its reality-bending capabilities to open the gate to the containment cell. The smoke that SCP-4125-α consists of begin to swirl at a faster pace, and at 14:05, a humanoid shape can briefly be seen within the smoke, mostly obscured by cognitohazards redacted by the MBLE25 automated visual cognitohazard filter.

[14:25-15-23]:  SCP-4125-α enters the containment chamber, in which SCP-4125-E-57, SCP-4125-B-55 and SCP-4125-M-49 can be seen removing labcoats from a washer. SCP-4125-α manifests several hand-like appendages seemingly composed from smoke, which it uses to grab SCP-4125-E-57 and pull it into the cloud of smoke.

[15:24-15:25]:  SCP-4125-α emits a bright flash of light before vanishing alongside SCP-4125-E-57. SCP-4125-E and the item later designated SCP-4125-β fall to the ground.

 
附加记录：    

SCP-4125-β is a naval uniform similar to the ones found on the shipwreck on which SCP-4125 was discovered, aside from Yankee-class Counterconceptual Camouflage woven into the pattern of the fabric and a large five-pointed star made up of beryllium bronze attached to the chest.




Footnotes
1. Average of 25 days. The shortest recorded interval so far has been 5 hours (SCP-4125-J-10 to SCP-4125-J-11) while the longest interval lasted for 5 months and 23 days (SCP-4125-H-32 to SCP-4125-H-33)
Document 4125-██
3. None of the movies or individuals mentioned by SCP-4125-E-57, nor any actor by the name  have been proven to exist
4. No records exist of this interview, nor of any such Foundation protocol
5. The OSCAZ Internal Network Crawler is a webcrawler developed by the Counterconceptual Division to detect counterconceptually camouflaged files within the IntSCPFN network.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 18:26
            
            Edit
+69)
Tags
Discuss (9)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            IS2216 - JAVA WIKI
                      
              Java for beginners
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Grants Recipes
                      
              Good food for you!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CAA Institute
                      
              Accommodating Cosmic Anomalies Since 1908
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            EXCELENCIA
                      
              exploring, describing and promoting  great websites!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

