                        


Item #:  SCP-3802

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  The entire known supply of SCP-3802 is contained in a secure container at Site-42 awaiting transport to Site-81. Testing of SCP-3802-Alpha has been suspended due to the consistency of its anomalous effect. Testing of SCP-3802-Beta has been suspended due to resource concerns and is pending approval before resuming.

Investigation into the parapharmacologist/PoI known as “dado” is ongoing.

Description:  SCP-3802 is an anomalous, low-viscosity liquid with a pink coloration contained in a white plastic bottle. The bottle has been labeled  in black permanent marker.

SCP-3802’s anomalous effect manifests in two fashions:

1 This separation has left no scarring in 100% of test cases. Upon dissection, it has been found that these hares are physically identical to non-anomalous hares, yet are shown to be genetically identical to their human host.

SCP-3802-A instances are strongly bonded with their host; they exhibit lavish affection and playfulness with their host and extreme duress when separated from them.

3 Dissection and genetic testing results were identical to SCP-3802-A instances.

The SCP-3802-B instances are similarly bonded with their host; this is despite the fact that their host died during separation and without regard to their own cleanliness.

Instances of SCP-3802-A and SCP-3802-B both display anomalously rapid growth of fur, far beyond that of their non-anomalous counterparts.4 It is unknown if this effect was intentional.

Addendum SCP-3802.1:  Discovery

SCP-3802 was discovered when Foundation agents monitoring local news sites came across the headline,  on the website of Minneapolis, MN news affiliate KARE.5 Foundation agents traveled to the hospital where the event was said to have occurred and found a ward full of children playing with hares. A parent demonstrated SCP-3802 in action on his child for the agents and described a nurse giving him the phone number that led him to order the bottle of SCP-3802. All present were amnesticized and all SCP-3802-A instances were removed from the scene. The nurse was not found.

Addendum SCP-3802.2:  Transcription of Phone Call

Foundation agents were able to retrieve a recording of the phone call between the parent and dado.



[BEGIN LOG] 

Phone ringing

Unknown Voice:  Yes hello, you have reached dado, home of fine dado product and also eat-at-home restaurant. What are you to be needing today?

Parent:  Ummm.. hi? I was given this number by-

Unknown Voice:  Yes good, dado has many friends who get the people who need the products to the number that has the products from dado, what products from dado will you want to be needing?

Parent:  Well, my daughter had cancer, and-

Unknown Voice:  So you want dado to cure the cancer, I see what you are saying and although this will be very tricky for dado, dado is the cleverest thinker so I-

Parent:  No, that's not what I'm saying, I know that's not possible. My daughter has already had her surgery and is going through chemo, and all of her hair has fallen out. She's being as strong as she can be, but she's only twelve, and I know how kids can be to a girl who's lost her hair.

Unknown Voice:  Ah! You want dado to make the grow the hare, make her very smile instantly, yes?

Parent:  Can you do it?

Unknown Voice:  Of course can dado do it; you need to trust dado!

Parent:  Oh my gosh! Thank you so much!

Unknown Voice:  dado will send you Amazon Prime tomorrow, no need to pay, dado do this for you bone pro no.

Parent hangs up phone

Clattering sound

Unknown Voice:  (slightly muffled) Single bottle for rush order, simple, mix the scale, the hare for the kid, and dado no need to worry because it not to be used on adults no way.

Phone cuts out

[END LOG] 
附加记录：    

Addendum SCP-3802.3:  Related Extranormal Event

One week after recovery of SCP-3802, multiple billboards in the Minneapolis area were anomalously altered to include advertisements for the “hare club for kids by dado.” The agencies in charge of the billboards were unaware of the change and had no record of communication from dado.6

Footnotes
1. Instance is now known as SCP-3802-A.
2. Instances are now known as SCP-3802-B.
3. This was seen as cause to suspend further testing pending review.
4. Fur growth does parallel that of angora rabbits. (genus: Oryctolagus)
5. Disinformation Campaign Status: In Progress
6. Disinformation Campaign Status: In progress








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            12 Feb 2020 17:43
            
            Edit
+176)
Tags
Discuss (39)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Maximum Tension
                      
              Programing / Design Lab.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            IB History
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            welcome
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金会
                      
              控制，收容，保护
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

