                        


Item #:  SCP-2148

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2148 is to be held within a standard humanoid containment chamber within Hall ██ of Site-██. SCP-2148-1 is to remain in place at all times. Class C amnestics are to be administered to SCP-2148 if its anomalous properties manifest.

Description:  SCP-2148 is a male humanoid of Indian descent. The words  sewn into it, worn by SCP-2148 since discovery.

The anomalous properties of SCP-2148 do not manifest unless it is able to visually commit something other than SCP-2148-1 or itself to memory. When it is able to dedicate a person or object to memory via visual stimuli, all current physical and digital information concerning said person or object is immediately obscured via black bars. No alterations occur to media created after this event unless SCP-2148 observes the person or object in question a second time. Class C amnestics have proven capable of reversing this process if applied within three hours of exposure.

SCP-2148 was discovered outside Site-██ by Dr. ███████, and was the first anomaly associated with the  series encountered by the Foundation.



Foreword:  The following transcript was recreated using the recorded audio due to the alterations to the original transcript, detected 07/03/1995.

 

SCP-2148:  Is Mr. Lie here yet?

Dr. ███████:  Excuse me?

SCP-2148:  Just, uh, curious. Y'know, wondering if I could see my brother again. Well, y'know, figuratively speaking. Never actually seen him before. But he said he'd be here right after me, and I've been here for a bit and I haven't seen him yet. Figuratively.

Dr. ███████:  No, he's not here yet. So there are more Little Misters?

SCP-2148:  Oh, yeah. Twenty in total, counting myself. The numbers don't mean anything, but I was the first Little Mister that Doctor Wondertainment made. Mr. Lie told me that. Then he told me we were collector's items, which made enough sense.

Dr. ███████:  Did you see them often?

SCP-2148:  Like, literally? I saw them each once. Well, except for Redd. Had to see him twice. Kinda makes me wish I didn't have photographic memory, to be perfectly honest.

Dr. ███████:  You said you haven't seen Mr. Lie?

SCP-2148:  Nope. Er, yes I said that. [Pauses] I have not seen him. He told me he was supposed to be last for some reason, I guess? Never really figured out why, but that wasn't really my place, y'know? I was just supposed to follow him around and look at stuff.

Dr. ███████:  And where did the two of you go? What did you look at?

SCP-2148:  Oh, y'know, stuff. Took a lot of trips into government buildings, or at least that's what everybody else was saying. I guess I wouldn't right know, y'know? Always had Mr. Lie to show me the way, though. He had a lot of friends, Mr. Lie, and he always knew right what to say to get us where we needed to be. Never actually got to see him, though. The Doctor gave me this note saying I shouldn't look at Lie yet, but then the note had all these black lines on it. So that was weird.

Dr. ███████:  And do you have any idea where Mr. Lie is currently?

SCP-2148:  Nope! Should be here soon, though. Can't wait to see him.

 
附加记录：    

Addendum 1:  Within two weeks of the initial containment of SCP-2148, both SCP-920 arrived at Site-██ through unknown means. A conference was held between the current Site Director and O5-4 to discuss the repeated information breach. Site Director ███████ requested all future anomalies associated with the  series to be contained within Hall ██, which was approved by O5-4. SCP-2148 was then relocated to its new containment cell within Hall ██ without issue.

Addendum 2:  On 05/12/1995 an anomaly (tentatively designated SCP-2148-2) within Site-██ security footage was discovered, beginning with the initial recovery of SCP-2148 and lasting roughly three weeks. SCP-2148-2 manifested as a black bar obscuring Dr. ███████ and Site Director ███████ at intermittent intervals on all security footage.

When questioned about this, both personnel cited two distinct and equally clear memories during the times SCP-2148-2 followed them. Dr. ███████ cited he was conducting testing with an unrelated anomaly, and Site Director ███████ claimed to either be doing paperwork or in one case communicating with O5-4. Both claims have been corroborated by other personnel, including O5-4, as well as surveillance footage.

SCP-2148-2 manifestation ended shortly after an interview between SCP-2148 and Dr. ███████ while he was obscured by SCP-2148-2. Dr. ███████ exited Site-██ shortly after, exiting camera view without incident.

When questioned about this, SCP-2148 claimed to have no knowledge of how this could have occurred. A search of its cell revealed one previously unaccounted for photograph affected by the anomalous properties of SCP-2148.

Addendum 3:  While originally thought to not possess a document of the Little Mister series, when questioned SCP-2148 unrolled SCP-2148-1 to reveal an equivalent printed on the obverse side.



Wow!  You've just found yourself your very own Little Mister, a limited edition collection from Dr. Wondertainment!

Find them all and become Mr. Collector!!

01. Mr. Chameleon

02. Mr. Headless

03. Mr. Laugh

04. Mr. Forgetful

05. Mr. Shapey

06. Mr. Soap

07. Mr. Hungry

08. Mr. Brass

09. Mr. Hot

10. Ms. Sweetie

11. Mr. Life and Mr. Death

12. Mr. Fish

13. Mr. Moon

14. Mr. Redd (discontinued)

15. Mr. Money

16. Mr. Lost

Mr. Lie

18. Mr. Mad

19. Mr. Scary

20. Mr. Stripes ✔
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            27 Aug 2018 16:08
            
            Edit
+158)
Tags
Discuss (28)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Aeternus Center
                      
              the ARG
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            2012hoax
                      
              Debunking the 
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiWealth
                      
              Stock, ETF and Mutual Fund Ratings | Commodity, Currency Research
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Contraptor
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

