                        





Item #:  SCP-4641

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures (pending review):  SCP-4641 must be kept in a secure containment locker. Personnel who are experienced with probability, chance, and evidence-based deduction are to play SCP-4641 every 4 weeks, with the amount of participants adjusting to the instance provided. Players are not to cheat, nor attempt to break the rules in any way.

Description:  SCP-4641 is a modified version of the Cluedo1 board game. In the game, players must find hints and use the process of elimination to discover who is responsible of the murder of an unknown victim. SCP-4641 contains a different board, characters, and item tokens every time it is opened, with names corresponding to real-life locations and people. Each new instance of SCP-4641 corresponds with a murder attempt taking place two weeks in the future.

If the game is won, an event similar to the one described in the game will happen in reality, though the murder would have been narrowly avoided, due to either luck or interference from a third-party. But if the game is lost or is halted for more than 7 minutes, the event will play out as described in-game. Achieving the win condition varies widely in difficulty, due to the varying size of the board and the number of locations, items, and characters.

Cessation of playing SCP-4641 for a length longer than 5 weeks results in a slight but noticeable rise in global violent crime rate, particularly in Cairo, Egypt. Attempts to cheat, purposefully lose, or automate SCP-4641 with limited AIs have failed, with each attempt leading to a fail-state and also increasing the violent crime rate. Playing a full game of SCP-4641 immediately halts the increase and lowers it to its normal level.

Test Log: 


Number of Instance
Date
Description
Game Length
Outcome


001
07/03/1975
Game board resembled Lansing, Michigan, with buildings acting as the . There were a total of 35 characters, and 129 items.
7 hours
Game Lost. Investigation revealed that two weeks later, Jeanine Oswalt was strangled to death by her ex-boyfriend, using a length of rope.


029
09/14/1976
Game board resembled a small alleyway, with only 2 , 5 characters, and 4 items.
45 minutes
Game Won. Investigation revealed that a Carlos Garcia in Camargo, Mexico narrowly escaped a stabbing by cartel members.


058
01/12/1979
Game board resembled a New York City block, with 12  28 characters, and 19 items.
3 hours
Game Lost. Two weeks later, Nelson Rockefeller2 died of poisoning via wolfsbane from his aide, Megan Marshack.


087
05/01/1981
Game board resembled the Vatican City, with the only rooms being  46 characters, and 53 items
15 hours
Game Won. Pope John Paul II narrowly survived four gunshot wounds from Mehmet Ali Ağca.


234
03/14/1995
Game board resembled Site-19, with  corresponding to containment units. Each character was a researcher, and the items were all lethal SCPs contained within Site-19.
4 hours
Game Won. Senior Researcher Jason ████ narrowly escaped SCP-████ during a containment breach. It was revealed that cooperation between players is not considered cheating.


378
10/09/2005
Game board resembled a warehouse within Three Portlands. There is only one room, hosting what is believed to be a time machine. All 9 characters were identical, and there were 9 identical murder weapons.
5 minutes
Game Won. Due to the game being seemingly unwinnable, a player accused a character at random, leading to a win-state. Grandfather paradox potentially avoided.


713
06/31/202█
Gameboard was 3 x 3 meters2, and resembled depictions of the Egyptian Underworld. Set, Horus, Bes, and Sekhmet were among 253 playable characters, along with 752 items, most of which were unfamiliar to players, but were later identified as mummification tools.
23 hours
Game Lost. Over the next several months, Egypt was stricken by multiple droughts, with the River Nile dropping to its lowest level in over 120 years. The agricultural sector, which makes up 14% of Egypt's GDP, went into a severe recession. Estimated total cost in damages: $45 billion. Based on the rate of EVE accumulation within the Nile River, the Archon-Class Type-V reality bender that inhabited the Nile should reform within the next 10 years.



Addendum 4641.1:  Following several tentative tests on SCP-4641, it has been concluded that SCP-4641 possesses little to no precognitive nor predictive abilities. Rather, SCP-4641 possesses the capability to mildly influence the behavior of others, with no known range, based on the outcome of the game. As the victims of SCP-4641 are randomly chosen, and there is no way to predict nor prevent SCP-4641 being complicit in the murder of those who maintain the Veil, or in (even temporarily) assassinating anthropomorphized concepts of nature, current containment procedures for SCP-4641 are considered to be unsatisfactory, and must be updated with all due haste.

Footnotes
1. Known as Clue in North America.
2. Vice President under Gerald Ford.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            17 Sep 2020 20:39
            
            Edit
+30)
Tags
Discuss (4)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Killing Floor Map Database
                      
              KFMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Puppet中文wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Employment Network of SB
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

