                        


Item #:  SCP-2130-J

Object Class:  Eucilele Keytar

Special Containment Procedures:  Foundation spambots are to send emails to all personnel on an hourly basis to remind them of SCP-2130-J's dangerous properties.

Public address systems will be commandeered for at least 180 minutes per week to play the 1.

Instances of SCP-2130-J are to be stored in a remote desert warehouse, preferably on the moon. Moon missions are to be funded by the selective use of other SCP-2130-J instances as props for Junior Researcher Kimmy's sold-out comedy tour.

+Procedures

-data


Researchers are encouraged to write helpful notes in all SCP database entries to ensure that their colleagues remember and appreciate the risks posed by other anomalies currently in containment.



What were we thinking? That was a terrible idea.  Dr. C. Heap-Joke 
附加记录：    




Description:  SCP-2130-J is a bunch of office furniture that was found lying around at various Foundation sites. In appearance, style, sound, smell, taste, aura, Hume readings, feng shui, function and ergonomic benefits, it precisely resembles ordinary everyday office equipment.



It's not though. It's actually really dangerous. One might even say Junior Researcher Kimmy 
附加记录：    



Kim, the last time you tried to convince us that the furniture was haunted, it's because you'd just stubbed your toe on a desk. Although watching you hop around was quite amusing.  Wheeler 
附加记录：    



Hey! It really hurt, you know.  Junior Researcher Kimmy 
附加记录：    

SCP-2130-J exhibits a range of cognitohazardous and antimemetic properties. Its primary effect is on the perception of the furniture by subjects in its proximity. Subjects regard SCP-2130-J instances (and any incidents involving them) as humorous in nature, regardless of the objective seriousness of the situation.

Descriptions of SCP-2130-J by test subjects have included:







This primary effect has led to subjects forgetting the danger posed by SCP-2130-J, and attempting to use SCP-2130-J instances for comic purposes.



Yeah, remember when I held a D-Class roller-chair derby, and one of them crashed into you and fell off into a vat of SCP-682's acid? Classic!  Junior Researcher Plier 
附加记录：    



Classic? That was the most horrific thing I've ever been through. My back was sore for a week!  Junior Researcher Kimmy 
附加记录：    



Or that time my top shelf broke, and all my research folders landed on your head one after another. And then my potplant. And then my bowling ball. I got so many likes for that on /foundation/not-work/funny/videos - it was awesome. Maybe you should do comedy?  Junior Researcher Plier 
附加记录：    



Is everyone around here anomalously unsympathetic?  Junior Researcher Kimmy 
附加记录：    

SCP-2130-J's primary effect can be counteracted by a continuous course of Class-Y mnestics. However, as the side-effects of such treatment include remembering in vivid detail every fart you've ever smelled, uptake has been poor.

SCP-2130-J has a secondary property which affects any attempt to describe the anomaly. Any descriptions of SCP-2130-J, even by persons not subject to its primary effect, will be written in such a way as to be unintentionally comic, with ludicrously overcomplicated procedures and extraneous commentary which reads as if all researchers involved are 15 years old.



See!? That explains why I can never write this in clinical tone. It explains the containment procedures - it explains everything! They said I was mad - MAD! - but actually I was right all along. Ahaha - ahahahahaha - muahaha Junior Researcher Kimmy 
附加记录：    



Kim, you were a lot more fun to be around when you were falling off that lab bench last week. If you're so obsessed with the damn office furniture, why don't you prepare a seminar and take it on the road to the other sites. Make sure you take a few samples with you.  Wheeler 
附加记录：    



This is clearly going to end well.  Junior Researcher Kimmy 
附加记录：    

Addendum 1:  Further research by Comedy Task Force Iota-Eta-Pi-2 () suggests that the effect of SCP-2130-J is viral in nature. Progression appears to occur in the following manner:

Subject A is exposed to SCP-2130-J and becomes subject to its effects.
Subject A begins to find other anomalies inherently humorous.
Subject A amends the documentation for other anomalies to include over-complicated containment and unintentional comedy.
Subject B reads amended documentation, forgets that the relevant anomalies are dangerous, and begins to treat them as comical, even if Subject B has not been exposed to SCP-2130-J.


The following SCP database entries have been identified as potential candidates for SCP-2130-J infection: SCP-106. However the possibility exists that other anomalies have been declassified and mis-filed, after relevant SCP documentation was amended to sound humorous.



So leaving aside the question of how we tested this, that means basically anything filed in /foundation/not-work/funny/joke-scps could be a real anomaly that we're almost totally disre- oh. Oh, shit .  Junior Researcher Kimmy 
附加记录：    



Kim - what's the rush? Why are you running so - woah! Wow - hey guys, Kim just tripped over a printer cord and went head-first into a wastepaper basket. That's gonna leave a mark! Ahahahahaha!  Wheeler 
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Sample lyrics:

Do you know two one three-oh dash-jay?

It has a meme so strong,

Don't laugh too long, or you'll go cray (NB: Current final rhyme is provisional, pending additional poetry research funding)


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            09 Oct 2020 22:02
            
            Edit
+90)
Tags
Discuss (28)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            PEMARF
                      
              Princípios de Evolução Molecular Aplicados à Reconstrução Filogenética
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Tauren Ate My Grandma
                      
              has moved!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Igor
                      
              Independent Generation of Research
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            สถาบัน SCP
                      
              ควบคุม, กักกัน, ป้องกัน
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

