                        











Special Containment Procedures:  Foundation webcrawler I/O–PRUDENCE has been tasked with finding and neutralizing any further instances of SCP-4809 and tagging all IP addresses that access any instances of SCP-4809 for further action. Existing instances of SCP-4809 are only accessible indirectly via models and renders generated by I/O-PRUDENCE.

Foundation Medical Observation Unit (MOU) 279 has been retrofitted with another 400 beds to deal with current and future SCP-4809 victims. At time of writing, 174 of those beds are filled. Given the unclear pathophysiology of SCP-4809's effects, attempts to develop countermeasures and effective treatment have not yet been forthcoming. As such, all victims of SCP-4809 are to be treated according to standard Foundation Medical Protocol 716.574.1 SCP-4809 victims declared braindead are to be repurposed for other Foundation experiments per Ethics Committee ruling 45.387. Attempts to reinitiate communication with suspected sources of SCP-4809 (see Addenda) are underway, and will focus primarily on a greater understanding of SCP-4809 so as to attempt reversal.

Families of SCP-4809 victims are to be administered amnestics and given a cover story regarding the death of their loved ones in a biological waste accident. Per communications with suspected sources of SCP-4809 (see Addendum 4809.02), each family is to receive payment for damages in the form of $19.2 million USD.2

Per current understanding of SCP-4809, this does not appear to have been a specific anomaly generated by the named celebrity in the original post. As such, further surveillance of said celebrity and future celebrities who may be targeted is no longer required. Additionally, given the self-limited nature of SCP-4809's effects and lack of further dissemination of the files, no further information suppression actions at this time are required.



The original post containing the link to SCP-4809.



Description:  SCP-4809 is a series of cognitohazardous images of unclear origin which induce an immediate neurological reaction when viewed. This reaction is primarily coma, but some patients have immediately entered into a vegetative state, a state of brain death, or prolonged and invariably fatal status epilepticus3 refractory to treatment. Analysis by I/O-PRUDENCE and other constructs provided by the Cognitohazards Study Group indicates that SCP-4809 is a series of representations of a human female in various poses, composed of fractal imagery and impossible geometric structures and theorized to be a higher-dimensional representation of celebrity actress Scarlett Johannson.

SCP-4809 first appeared on the social media website Reddit on 04/01/2021 as a link within a post on the r/pics subreddit (see prior photo). I/O-PRUDENCE registered the anomalous content within several minutes and immediately disabled link access, but the link had already been accessed by 243 IP addresses. As agents deployed to assess and quarantine the affected IP address owners, a trace of the IP address having made the post, followed up with GPS triangulation, indicated the signal had originated at a point approximately 3.2 kilometers above Naples, Florida. A second trace was attempted and unable to lock onto any signal. No further instances of SCP-4809 have been noted to date.

Addendum 4809.01: Communication Related to SCP-4809 — Received 04/04/2021 

On 04/04/2021, Head SCP-4809 Researcher Eltiaz received an email from a burner account:



To:  pcs.noitadnuof|zaitle.i#pcs.noitadnuof|zaitle.i

From:  moc.yawaworht|emwonktnoduoy#moc.yawaworht|emwonktnoduoy

Subject:  I MESSED UP

OMG I AM SO SORRY. I think my [unintelligible]4 was set a dimension too low and I picked the wrong file to upload and it's all just wrong. I'll do my best to fix it! just give me a few of your days and maybe I can whip something up

— [unintelligible]5
附加记录：    

Addendum 4809.02: Communication Related to SCP-4809 — Received 04/05/2021 

On 04/05/2021, Dr. Eltiaz received another email from an untraceable account. The body of this email read as follows:



To:  pcs.noitadnuof|zaitle.i#pcs.noitadnuof|zaitle.i

From:  pcs.noitadnuof|zaitle.i#pcs.noitadnuof|zaitle.i

Subject:  Our Sincerest Apologies

To whom this may concern:

We apologize deeply for the recent aberration that has resulted in injury to your people. Rest assured the perpetrator has been disciplined and his recycling date has been accelerated. An account has been made available in order to pay reparations to the affected humans (please see account information attached). Per our legal code, please pay each family an amount equivalent to the lifetime worth of a citizen of your wealthiest political body. Thank you for your cooperation in this matter, and please convey our sincerest apologies to the affected.

— [unintelligible]6
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. .
2. Approximate lifetime value of a Qatari citizen.
3. Operationally defined as greater than 5 minutes of continuous seizures, or two or more seizures with incomplete recovery of consciousness between seizure events.
4. This was rendered as an alphanumeric string 7,485 characters long. Presumably meant to represent a communications device. Presumed to be unintentional — possibly a failure of a translation software.
5. An alphanumeric string 57,194 characters long.
6. An alphanumeric string 34,192 characters long.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jun 2020 19:07
            
            Edit
+42)
Tags
Discuss (7)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            First Steps
                      
              Making Sense of Educational Research
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CoMUX
                      
              Realities Combined
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Science Online London
                      
              How is the Web changing science?
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Horizons
                      
              The RP about how it all continued... maybe.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

