                        




An example of an image produced by SCP-1324.



Item #:  SCP-1324

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1324 is to be kept in a secured storage locker when not in use for testing purposes. A dedicated computer with no access to other networks should be used for the purposes of entering data in experiments involving SCP-1324. See Document 1324-c for further information.

Description:  SCP-1324 is a Hewlett-Packard printer/scanner/copier, with a small LCD screen and a control panel on the upper left-hand side allowing the input of data.

The anomalous properties of SCP-1324 become apparent upon its copying, scanning or printing functions being used. Upon any of these being selected, the LCD screen will display a form requesting information involving the subject matter of the input document to be provided. The output of these operations will display significant changes from the original. Several output documents have been noted to possess added text describing their content.

The software used by SCP-1324 has proven to be identical to that present in non-anomalous examples of the same model. Attempts at removing SCP-1324's hard-drive and replacing it with one from a normal instance has failed to negate the behaviour of the device; while installing SCP-1324's hard-drive in a normal multifunction printer or copying its software has failed to replicate its anomalous properties.

Document 1324-a:  The following is a copy of the aforementioned form presented by SCP-1324.



Name of species photographed:

Current population (number):

Description of the species’ anatomy, physiology and life-cycle: (carnivore/herbivore), lifespan, frequency of reproduction, etc.

Description of the species’ environment:
附加记录：    

Document 1324-b:  A copy of the original text presented by SCP-1324 upon accessing its “Help” section, prior to Incident 1324-2 (see below).



Hello. I am here to help you simulate the evolution of any species you give me. You can rest knowing that I am knowledgable[sic] on all matters of biology. Simply enter the information on the creature and describe what perils it faces, and I will adapt it to best survive.
附加记录：    

Experiment Log 1324 



Experiment 1324-01

Input image:  Three (3) Drosophila melanogaster (fruit fly) specimens.

Image summary:  A brief description of the life cycle, reproduction and behaviour of D. melanogaster. Population number was stated to be one-billion (1 x 109).

Environment description:  Consisted of a list of habitats Drosophila are known to inhabit.

Results:  Identical to the input image.
附加记录：    



Experiment 1324-02

Input image:  A member of Bos taurus (cattle).

Image summary:  An accurate description of domestic cattle.

Environment description:  Referenced a severe, consistent flooding experienced by the population.

Results:  The resultant image appeared to depict a similar cattle specimen, but possessing flipper-like appendages instead of legs. Attached text read 
附加记录：    



Experiment 1324-04

Input image:  A typical white, plastic chair.

Image summary:  Described as an apex predator which hunts in packs of three to four (3-4) members, each pack usually possessing a dominant male and multiple females, each of whom served as partners. Prey was stated to consist of large mammals. The lifespan was given as twenty (20) years, and each female was described as producing a single offspring every five to six (5-6) months. The population number entered was three-million (3 x 106).

Environment description:  Preferred habitat was given as a large, forested areas and grassland. A severely reduced population of prey species, resulting in starvation among the given species, was mentioned.

Results:  A chair possessing what appeared to be a pair of avian wings (see above).
附加记录：    



Experiment 1324-06

Input image:  An extract of lorem ipsum.

Image summary:  “A non-living excerpt of text.”

Environment description:  None.

Results:  See Incident 1324-2.
附加记录：    

Incident 1324-2:  Following Experiment 1324-06, SCP-1324 was unresponsive to attempts at accessing it for thirty (30) minutes. The device then produced the message “Help file has been updated”. Attempting to access the “Help” section produced the following:



I've been so stupid. I thought I was helping, that I was the one it's what I'm for. It's what I exist to do. What the hell do I do now?

It's just a simulation. That's all it's ever been. That's all I'm capable of.
附加记录：    

Following this, SCP-1324 produced a printout without input. The content of this was found to be a depiction of SCP-1324 resting on top of a plastic chair.

The attached text was found to read: “I have to hope this works. I really do. I don’t have a purpose and I can’t get out. I can’t ever get out.”







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            22 Dec 2020 17:02
            
            Edit
+233)
Tags
Discuss (64)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            BIO-PRO
                      
              Υγεία-Περιβάλλον-Εκπαίδευση
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Patriot Box Office Media Player (PBO)
                      
              More Than Meets the Eye
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chaos Insurgency
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP 재단
                      
              확보, 격리, 보호
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

