                        




Portion of SCP-1683's interior.



Item #:  SCP-1683

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Except for purposes of approved experimentation, the entrance to SCP-1683 is to be barred, and the access corridor is to be monitored by security personnel. Only D-Class personnel are permitted to enter SCP-1683. The buildings surrounding the residence containing SCP-1683 have been acquired by the Foundation in order to facilitate containment, and collectively serve as Containment Site-142. A cover story regarding ongoing maintenance work to remove toxic chemicals has been implemented, pending further developments in SCP-1683's anomalous property.

Whenever D-Class personnel are introduced to SCP-1683 for any purpose, all on-site personnel are required to wear aircraft-technician-grade hearing protection, and must withdraw to a distance of at least 20 (twenty) meters from SCP-1683.

Description:  SCP-1683 is a child's bedroom, located on the second floor of a two-story residential home in Cleveland, OH, USA. SCP-1683 contains one furnished bed, a dresser, one telescope, a ceiling and walls painted black and covered in luminescent outer-space-themed stickers, and five bookshelves on which are several dozen posters and books regarding astronomy and space exploration as of 1971. Notably, the residence's second floor contains no windows. Analysis has shown that the stickers accurately map many known star systems and planetary locations, although only ones known as of 1971.

Subjects who enter SCP-1683 will immediately and permanently develop a fascination with astronomy.2

Whenever any sighted human4 Subsequently, the door cannot be reopened from the outside until conclusion of SCP-1683's activation; it is not known whether personnel within SCP-1683 could open the door from the inside.

After SCP-1683 has sealed itself, a human voice can be heard counting down from ten to one, at a volume of approximately 755 in the event that the subject who triggered the activation event is physically mute, the countdown voice will be identical to radio recordings of the Apollo 13 launch. All video produced within SCP-1683 during an activation event is identical to the television broadcast of the Apollo 13 launch.

At the conclusion of the countdown, SCP-1683 and its access corridor will rapidly be heated to 3300 degrees Celsius7 can be heard. This sound is audible within approximately 15 (fifteen) meters of SCP-1683; outside of this radius, it cuts off abruptly.

Two minutes after an activation event is triggered, an unidentified flying object can be detected approximately 2,400km/s.

Twenty minutes after an activation event, temperatures in the access corridor return to previous levels, and the door to SCP-1683 will become possible to open again. All occupants of SCP-1683 will have vanished, the stickers will have returned to their original conformation, and all books and posters will have returned to their original places on the shelves.

Foreign objects brought into SCP-1683 by D-Class personnel are unaffected by activation events and can be subsequently recovered, with the exception of astronomy books published later than 1971, clothing worn by D-Class personnel, and live dogs (Canis lupus familiaris). Astrology books will be severely damaged by fire, as will 'new age' books containing scientifically-unfounded astronomical speculations.

SCP-1683 was discovered in 1971, following a set of police reports detailing SCP-1683's effect. The subjects originally residing within the home containing SCP-1683  had gone missing directly prior to the first recorded activation event. Neighbors described the son as having a deep interest in astronomy and space exploration, spending most of his time studying it. It is currently believed that this subject initiated SCP-1683's effect, although how he did so is unknown. All witnesses have been issued Class-C to -B amnestics, depending on their relationship with the subjects.

As of 8/19/1976, SCP-1683 has been classified as Safe.

Addendum:  When SCP-1683 was searched, a document appearing to chart a route from Earth to the Moon was discovered within a notebook. This document was heavily worn with eraser marks and changes, indicating that it had been significantly altered several times prior to being discovered. In addition, this writing was discovered on the opposite side.



If there's been a giant leap for mankind, why am I still wasting time here? Tomorrow is waiting, and everything is set. Scopes are set up and the stars are there, watching. I'll see them soon.
附加记录：    

Addendum:  On 09/18/2008, Foundation satellites orbiting Saturn received a transmission, believed to be related to SCP-1683.



Hello? Can you hear me? I need you to take them back. You're the ones who [static] the others, right? You know how it works, so [static] didn't change anything or [static] need you to please, listen carefully, take -



(2 minutes of transmission are indecipherable)



-ot even Neptune. They're not [static] -on't belong here. I know some of your people are [static] -ose are fine, and the dogs are gr- [static] -ut my parents just [static] a mistake, I'm so sorr- [static] -ake them back, please. Before they hurt themselves again.附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Testing has shown that one D-Class personnel exposed to SCP-1683 was affected for a full year, prior to termination.
2. Testing with paralyzed D-Class personnel has shown that stickers representing the various phases of the Moon will appear and disappear at appropriate times
3. This has been found to include subjects who are blindfolded, legally blind, or blind in one eye
4. Permission to attempt to remove the door from its hinges has been denied by Director Gomerola
5. During experiments involving multiple subjects entering SCP-1683 simultaneously, the cognitohazardous effects of SCP-1683 have made it impossible to instruct multiple subjects to simultaneously touch the telescope
6. Although the infrastructure of the residence will be unaffected by this heat, and no ignition will occur, all liquids within the access corridor will boil and vaporize, and all substances with a defined melting point below 3300 degrees Celsius will melt; however, substances which would otherwise ignite prior to melting remain intact. Substances outside the access corridor are unaffected.
7.  200dB








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                tactile
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            18 Mar 2020 21:34
            
            Edit
+162)
Tags
Discuss (36)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Nexus Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CAA Institute
                      
              Accommodating Cosmic Anomalies Since 1908
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CEC Kharon
                      
              bsgkharon.com 5102
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Biblioteca Digital Curt Nimuendajú
                      
              livros e artigos sobre línguas sul-americanas
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

