                        


Item #:  SCP-3814

Object Class:  Neutralized Euclid

Special Containment Procedures: 

As of 06/11/2005, SCP-3814 has been reclassified as Neutralized. Former classification: Safe. Reclassified to Euclid. See Incident Report 3814/2

SCP-3814 is currently contained at the D-Class Cell Block of Site-91. The role of SCP-3814-1 is to be passed between D-Class Personnel indefinitely. Current SCP-3814-1 is forbidden to participate in any tests until they are no longer SCP-3814-1.

Should any higher personnel become SCP-3814-1 by any means, they are required to pass the role to a member of the D-Class personnel as soon as possible.

ViewProcedures

Close


SCP-3814 has been confined to Site-91 and must only be passed onto personnel currently working there. In the event that SCP-3814 should be passed beyond the borders of Site-91 due to evacuation of personnel or other eventualities, it is to be brought back into the facility at the earliest opportunity.

Staff member currently designated SCP-3814-1 is required to wear an approved item distinguishing them from other on-site personnel. This item will be passed onto the next SCP-3814-1. No subject is allowed to stay SCP-3814-1 for longer than 24 hours at a time.

Close



Description:  SCP-3814 is an anomalous game of Tag. The currently 'tagged' subject, from here on referred to as SCP-3814-1, experiences a mental compulsion to 'tag' any nearby individuals. The strength of this effect increases with time. After approximately 24 hours since tagging, most affected subjects begin to claim that it is almost impossible to resist this compulsion and can attempt to 'tag' others even in inconvenient or even dangerous situations. (See Incident Report 3814/1).

In addition to this, SCP-3814-1 will not experience any such compulsive tendencies towards the previously 'tagged' person. After SCP-3814 has been passed onto another person, all effects it had on SCP-3814-1 will cease. No other effects have been observed. (See Incident Report 3814/2)

Once the subject becomes SCP-3814-1, the rules of SCP-3814 are permanently embedded in their memories through anomalous means.

Following is a transcript of the rules as written down by one of the subjects:



To tag you have to touch the person and say 
You cannot tag the person who tagged you.
The tag MUST be passed on.

附加记录：    

All investigative attempts to uncover the origin of SCP-3814 have failed. SCP-3814 was brought into Site-91 in 2004 by Dr. ████, who was unaware of its anomalous nature at the time. Later it was found that SCP-3814 was passed onto Dr. ████ by a family member, who was 'tagged' by their co-worker While this backtracking of SCP-3814's history was not able to identify an origin of the anomaly, it has proven that it existed as far back as 18██.

Addendum:  Incident Report 3814/1

On 06/11/2005, SCP-3814-1 (at the time, Dr. Lisa Arlington) was killed during an experiment with SCP-████.1

The remnants of Dr. Arlington's body were taken care of according to standard Foundation procedure in such manners. SCP-3814 reclassified as Neutralized.

Addendum:  Incident Report 3814/2

On 07/11/2005, approximately 24 hours after her death, Dr. Arlington was sighted at Site-91, lying unconscious in a hallway leading to staff dormitories. Dr. Erwick called site security to aid him in relocating Dr. Arlington to on-site infirmary. Medical evaluation didn't find any abnormalities in Dr. Arlington's physiology. Following is an interview conducted by Dr. Erwick shortly after Dr. Arlington regained consciousness.



Interviewed:  Dr. Arlington

Interviewer:  Dr. Erwick

 

Dr. Erwick:  What happened to you, Lisa?

Dr. Arlington:  I don't know.

Dr. Erwick:  Do you remember anything after your- After the incident with SCP-████?

Dr. Arlington:  No. I remember waking up here at the medical bay.

Dr. Erwick:  Lisa, please. Try harder. You must remember something.

Dr. Arlington:  I am sorry, Chris - I just don't recall anything.

Dr. Erwick:  Okay. Fine Alright. I apologise, it must be hard.

Dr. Arlington:  What must be hard? Everyone is acting weird around me, what is it?

Dr. Erwick is silent

Dr. Arlington:  Chris, tell me.

Dr. Erwick:  We thought you were dead.

Dr. Arlington:  Well, I clearly survived.

Dr. Erwick:  No. You didn't.

Dr. Arlington:  What?

Dr. Erwick:  You died, Lisa. We have no clue why you appeared this morning

Neither participant speaks for almost twenty seconds.

Dr. Erwick:  I know. I couldn't believe it either, Lisa. Whatever happened is a miracle.

Dr. Arlington:  Chris

Dr. Erwick:  I don't know what I would do without you

Dr. Arlington:  Chris!

Dr. Erwick:  Yes?

Dr. Arlington:  [Dr. Arlington appears to be in pain.] I think I remember something.

Dr. Erwick:  Yes, of course. And what is it?

Dr. Arlington:  It's- it's just a bunch of words, sentences maybe. I can't make anything of it though.

Dr. Erwick:  Words? Can you tell me about any of these words?

Dr. Arlington:  It's like some rules. In my mind. Gosh it hurts.

Dr. Erwick:  We can stop if you-

Dr. Arlington:  The tag must be passed on.

Dr. Erwick:  Do you mean the Site-91 Tag? SCP-3814?

Dr. Arlington:  The tag must be passed on.

Dr. Erwick:  Lisa, you already said that.

Dr. Arlington stays silent for another 11 seconds, then repeats herself once more.

Dr. Erwick:  Lisa?

No reaction from Dr. Arlington.

Dr. Erwick:  Lisa? [Dr. Erwick is about to leave the room.]

Dr. Arlington:  Wait. Chris.

Dr. Erwick returns to Dr. Arlington.

Dr. Arlington:  Hold my hand, please.

Dr. Erwick:  [Dr. Erwick makes physical contact with Dr. Arlington.] I am here for you, Lisa.

Dr. Arlington:   .You're it.

Dr. Erwick:  [Dr. Erwick seems confused.] What?

Dr. Arlington suddenly expires without any visible explanation.

Dr. Erwick:  Lisa? Lisa! No! Please! No- [EXPLETIVE REDACTED]

 

Closing Statement:  Dr. Erwick was removed out of the room and later questioned. It would appear that SCP-3814 grants temporal reanimation in cases where SCP-3814-1 dies before they can tag someone else. Further research denied. SCP-3814 reclassified to Euclid. Containment Procedures updated according to Dr. Erwick's suggestions.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. It appears that Dr. Arlington has overestimated her ability to resist the compulsive effect of SCP-3814 and attempted to 'tag' a D-Class personnel during the test resulting in her death.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 22:13
            
            Edit
+35)
Tags
Discuss (10)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Star Wars: Age of Might
                      
              My Star Wars Saga
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCPDeclassified Sandbox
                      
              Secure, Contain, Protect, Declassify
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Celtic Heroes Wiki
                      
              A Wiki for the iPhone/iPad MMO Celtic Heroes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            OpenD6
                      
              The OpenD6 System Reference Document
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

