                        




Signage found on the door of every SCP-3295 instance.



Item #:  SCP-3295

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  As all attempts to remove SCP-3295 from Baseline reality have failed, individual instances are currently under the jurisdiction of each Site Director. Directors may utilize SCP-3295 instances as designated smoking rooms or restrict access to them at their discretion. In accordance with the Foundation Health and Safety Code, SCP-3295 is generally the only indoor location in Foundation facilities where smoking is permitted.

Should SCP-3295-A appear again at some point in the future, attempts to negotiate the removal of SCP-3295 from Baseline will be made.

Description:  SCP-3295 designates a series of anomalous interior spaces that simultaneously became a part of every Foundation Site on 1 Jan 1982 as a result of a CK-Class Reality Restructuring Scenario. Labeled  all other forms of matter are incapable of entering it.1 Owing to its anomalous properties, persons can smoke inside SCP-3295 indefinitely without the risk of secondhand smoke escaping so long as the doors remain closed.

SCP-3295 instances are both indestructible and self-replicating: attempts to remove them from their location will result in a retrocausal reconstruction of time, such that the attempt appears to have never occurred. For example: if C4 charges were planted in an SCP-3295 instance and activated, the person who activated the charges would find themselves in a different location and with no memory of having attempted to destroy the instance. SCP-3295 instances always appear when a new Foundation Site is built; upon interrogation, persons who worked on the construction of the Site will be unable to recall how SCP-3295 was made, often attributing its construction to another employee. Attempts to prevent SCP-3295 from replicating via Site construction will also result in the removal of those attempts from the timeline.

Background and Creation:  In 1981, the Human Resources Committee proposed a revision to the Foundation Health and Safety Code which would ban indoor smoking in all Foundation facilities from January 1982 onward. Despite mounting scientific evidence of tobacco smoking's negative health consequences, the Foundation struggled to implement restrictions on smoking throughout the 1960s and 1970s due to heavy opposition from rank-and-file staff.2 After a contentious public comment period, the policy was approved by a 10-3 vote of O5 Command in July of that year.

One week after the vote had concluded, each member of the O5 Council was approached by a humanoid entity (hereafter SCP-3295-A) who claimed to be a representative for a company called  the Council therefore agreed to store the documents in a high-value containment locker and reject the proposal in a 12-1 vote.

However, SCP-3295 was subsequently created following an unauthorized action from O5-6, the lone dissenting vote in the decision. A heavy smoker, O5-6 had been opposed to the indoor smoking ban and was said to be  the date it went into effect. Following the meeting's conclusion, O5-6 clandestinely secured one of the business cards, contacted SCP-3295-A, and signed a contract with Extra-Universal Smoking Solutions on behalf of the Foundation.3 Said contract resulted in the insertion of SCP-3295 into the Baseline timeline in their current form on 1 Jan 1982 (the day the indoor smoking ban went into effect), with records indicating them as having been constructed during 1979-80. As a result of his actions, O5-6 was dishonorably expelled from the Council and his clearance reduced to Level 2 for the duration of his career.

After several years of unsuccessful attempts to neutralize SCP-3295, the current Containment Procedures were put into place in 1985. SCP-3295-A can no longer be reached via the contact information on the business cards they supplied and the contract signed by O5-6 is still believed to be binding as of 2018.

Footnotes
1. SCP-3295 instances initially did not absorb vapor produced by electronic cigarettes, but began doing so in January 2010. The reason for this abrupt change is unknown.
2. Foundation smoking rates are significantly higher than the general population: in a 1978 survey, 39% of Junior Researchers and 54% of Senior Researchers identified as regular smokers. This declined to 28% and 39%, respectively, by 2010. The stressful nature of working in the Foundation compared to the civilian world is believed to be the primary cause of this.
3. The specific terms of the contract are unknown, as is the expected payment (if any) for the installation of SCP-3295.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                temporal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 21:32
            
            Edit
+124)
Tags
Discuss (17)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Billy Vs. SNAKEMAN Wiki
                      
              Be the Ultimate Ninja.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金会Minecraft分部
                      
              控制，收容，保护
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Estudiantes de economía de la uned
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CEC Kharon
                      
              bsgkharon.com 5102
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

