                        






2/4607
CLASSIFIED



Item #: SCP-4607



Safe




~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



SCP-4607-A with various SCP-4607 organisms.



Special Containment Procedures:  Two deep-sea surveillance drones are to be deployed for monitoring SCP-4607-A. Vocalizations recorded from SCP-4607 specimens during deep-sea surveillance are to be submitted for analysis.

Description:  SCP-4607 is a complex localized ecosystem of anomalous deep-sea organisms inhabiting the carcass of an adult gray whale (designated as SCP-4607-A), composed of hagfish, sleeper sharks, abyssal sea cucumbers, squat lobsters and bone-eating zombie worms. Calculations indicate that SCP-4607-A will reach the sulfophilic stage1 in eight years.

SCP-4607 organisms have been observed to communicate with each other through emitting infrasonic vocalizations. Although these sounds are detectable by any standard equipment capable of recording audio, all communication attempts have failed since specimens in captivity have been unresponsive during testing.

SCP-4607-A was discovered by a team of marine biologists led by Site-113 oceanographer and acoustic ecologist Imogen Casbolt in 1987. SCP-4607-A was identified using scanning sonar technology at 1,240-m in the Cascadia Basin, northern Pacific Ocean. On 02/09/1987, during a deep-sea robotic exploration, the first series of vocalizations from SCP-4607 organisms were incidentally recorded.

▶4607-01

◀Close




Foreword:  This transcript follows the recorded conversation involving two hagfish specimens. Vocalisations resemble a conversation between two male individuals between 20 to 25 years of age.

 

The camera approaches the two specimens. Indistinct conversations are audible until the camera reaches sufficient proximity.



  I see



  Please leave me alone already



  What

  No

  The worms are here again

  No way

  Since when

  I don't know but chief is pissed

  Yeah, the whale's gonna reach the sulfophilic stage faster because of them

  We searched for this whale for like seven months



  We don't have time to find another one again



  We know



  Let's check the situation



One specimen appears to look at the camera.

  Wait



Silence for three seconds.

  Wait

  Whoa what is that



  It has lights

  It's called glowing

  What do you think is that

  Maybe another whalefallist

  Let me head closer

One specimen appears to swim into closer view.



  Oy what are you man

Silence for 22 seconds.

  It seems dead

  Yeah let's head back

Indistinct vocalisations are audible as both specimens swim out of view.

 
附加记录：    




Addendum:  Additional Video Logs

▶4607-06

◀Close




Foreword:  This transcript follows the recorded conversation involving three hagfish specimens and one sleeper shark. Vocalisations resemble a conversation between two male and two female individuals between 15 to 20 years of age.

 

The camera approaches all specimens from the top view. Indistinct conversations are audible until the camera reaches sufficient proximity.

  What are you saying Stacy

  Oh god you're dumb

  Eat shit

  Cooperate please guys



  Sorry



  Go on Mike

  What I'm saying is



  We need the worms gone



  But how are gonna do that



  Let's attack them



  The hell



  Can we really just eat them



  Hey nobody said we're going to eat them



  Do we really have to



  We don't have much choice Mike



  You know what happened last time

  Our supposed food supply for five years was gone for like five weeks



  How the hell are these worms finding these whales anyway



  There are like trillions of them in the oceans



  You're exaggerating



  Am I

  Jude come with me

  Where are we going

  To the chief

  Okay

  You guys should come

  Do we have to

  Fine then stay here

One hagfish and the sleeper shark swims out of view. The remaining hagfish specimens remain silent for 7 minutes before resuming normal activity.

 
附加记录：    




▶4607-07

◀Close




Foreword:  This transcript follows the recorded conversation involving one hagfish specimen and one squat lobster. Vocalizations resemble a conversation between one human female between 15 to 20 years of age and a human male between 50 to 60 years of age.

 

The squat lobster specimen seems to be consuming a portion of SCP-4607-A. Indistinct shouting is inaudible until both hagfish specimens swim into closer view.

  Chief I know what we're going to do

  Yeah Chief this is genius

  Not this again

  What is it

  Let's attack the worms

  Are you crazy

  Only whisper

Subsequent vocalizations appear to have lesser volume than normally recorded.

  We can't escape them and you know that

  For the hundreds of whale corpses we had why do this now

  It's just that

  It's just that I'm tired of scouring the oceans for dead whales

  There are less and less of them for the past years

  I'm not gonna eat marine snow

  Nor dead wood

  What are the odds of finding another whale than plastic waste

  I'm tired now chief

  We all are, Stace

  We'd deal with this like we always do

  But until when

  Just trust me

  For now try your best to avoid them

  I'll try

The hagfish swims out of view, while the squat lobster remains silent for 12 minutes before resuming normal activity.

 
附加记录：    




▶4607-10

◀Close




Foreword:  This transcript follows the recorded conversations from Incident 4607-A, involving an estimated 70 Osedax deceptionensis specimens getting attacked by a hagfish. More hagfish, as well as other species, were also present in the incident.

 

The hagfish and the sleeper shark approach a group of the Osedax worms attached on multiple rib bones of SCP-4607-A. Indistinct conversations increase in quality as the subjects swim in closer view.

  You parasites still here

  Leave now and don't ever come back

  Esuriit2

  I don't care leave this place

  Non nobis placere non consumamur inopia3

  You little

Multiple worms can be seen being eaten by a hagfish specimen

  Why did you do that Stacy

  You said we're just going to scare them off

  They will never leave

  I know but they're just like us

  Ubique sumus4

  Oh really

The same hagfish can be seen eating the Osedax for around 3 minutes.

  As easy as that

A squat lobster approaches from underneath a dislocated rib bone.

  Oh shit Stace your pops

  What have you done Stacy

  I just solved our problem

  Now we have eight years to enjoy this whale before finding another

Silence for 14 seconds.

  We have to go now Stace catch you up later

All other subjects except the squat lobster and one hagfish swim out of view.

 
附加记录：    




Update:  After SCP-4607-A reached the sulfophilic stage on 01/25/████, research personnel from Site-113 captured and retrieved twenty SCP-4607 specimens for study. As expected, none of the captive SCP-4607 instances shown the same anomalous auditory properties as previously recorded. On 03/28/████, all captive SCP-4607 specimens attached with specialized underwater audio recorders were released on another whalefall on the Cascadia Basin. Research of SCP-4607 is ongoing.

Footnotes
1. The third stage of a whalefall ecosystem, where  anaerobically break down the lipids embedded in the bones. Due to the toxicity of H2S, only resistant chemosynthetic bacteria survive.
2. Latin for .
3. 
4. 









‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  File:Whale fall.jpg

Name:  whalefall.jpg

Author:  NOAA's Undersea Research Program

License:  Public Domain

Source:  https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Whale_fall.jpg
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            08 Jan 2021 16:47
            
            Edit
+46)
Tags
Discuss (5)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            John Parra
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CUA SLIS Comps Study Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CalU Secondary Education Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Green House Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

