                        

This article has been rewritten to its current form after the events of Incident 2442-03. The previous version may be found in Document 2442-01. 

Item #:  SCP-2442

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2442's containment room is fitted similar to a Restricted Environmental Stimulation Therapy (REST) chamber, with no access to light and as much sound reduction as possible. At least three containment rooms on three different sites exist, with SCP-2442 occupying one of them.

SCP-2442 is monitored at all times by at least two agents. If SCP-2442 begins to vocalize at any time, it must be sedated and administered Class-A amnestics. Any activities that could give a sense of structure to the passing of time are to be avoided or randomly scheduled.

Should a containment breach occur, SCP-2442 is to be sedated and returned to one of its containment rooms if possible. If all containment rooms have been destroyed in the breach, SCP-2442 is to be distracted with communication with a Site Director until a containment room can be constructed. The Site Director is authorized to provide as much information as necessary to maintain the distraction but should avoid vital data where possible.

Description:  SCP-2442 is an actively hostile, anomalous humanoid capable of causing the disappearance of anything it is made aware of. In order to activate its main effect, SCP-2442 will behave as if it is bringing the attention of an unknown entity to an object, usually through verbal indication. The object will disappear within 12 hours through an unknown means.

SCP-2442 is considered capable of other forms of reality manipulation, including creating voices that respond to its words. It is potentially anomalously persuasive, capable of convincing other personnel of its claims. SCP-2442 also displays gradually increasing resistance to amnestic drugs. The full extent of SCP-2442's anomalous effect is unknown.

Any requests for a more extensive description are to be sent to the Site Director of the site SCP-2442 is currently contained at.

Any claims SCP-2442 makes are to be completely ignored. They are unsubstantiated and are to be considered delusions. - O5-10

Incident 2442-01:  On 04/02/03, containment of SCP-2442 failed. In recapturing SCP-2442, the Foundation experienced heavy losses. Multiple Foundation personnel were recorded to have aided SCP-2442 after speaking to it; surviving personnel involved have been considered compromised and were terminated after amnestic treatment had failed.

ExcerptsONLY)

'OnlyACCEPTED




[BEGIN LOG EXCERPT] 

  SCP-2442 is seen holding Agent █████ outside of SCP-2442's containment cell. Agent █████ had dropped the sedative that should have been administered to SCP-2442 during the breach.





  Agent █████ gets up and begins to lead SCP-2442 out of sight of the camera.

 Agent █████ is lost approximately 35 minutes after.

[END LOG EXCERPT] 
附加记录：    



[BEGIN LOG EXCERPT] 

  SCP-2442 is seen observing the containment room of SCP-[DATA LOST].

 Followed by the sound of a woman crying from an unknown source and the spontaneous appearance of water in the air beside SCP-2442.

 SCP-2442 is seen reaching to the drops of water, wiping them off. It cups the air with both hands. Followed speech is in hushed tones and is not picked up by microphone.

  SCP-2442 leaves the hallway. SCP-[DATA LOST] is lost approximately 3 hours later.

[END LOG EXCERPT] 
附加记录：    
The full Incident Log may be found at Incident Log 2442-01. Access to Incident Log 2442-01 is restricted to Level 5 or above personnel. Unauthorized attempts to access Incident Log 2442-01 will be met with severe punishment by order of O5 Command. 




Incident 2442-02:  On 05/12/12, containment of SCP-2442 failed. In recapture, the Foundation was able to mitigate losses thanks to the efforts of Site Director Duarte. Site Director Duarte was able to distract SCP-2442 by providing nonvital information. Containment procedures were updated to accommodate for Site Director Duarte's effective distraction.

ExcerptsONLY)

'OnlyACCEPTED




[BEGIN LOG EXCERPT] 

  Site Director Duarte is seen leading SCP-2442 to an interviewing room. He sits on one end of the table as SCP-2442 sits on the other. There are microphones and recording equipment kept online.



 There is a brief silhouette of a person against one of the walls. The person appears to be sitting on a couch in the room. The silhouette and the couch disappear within 0.5 seconds. Site Director Duarte does not appear to notice this.

 SCP-2442 reads the tablet computer.

 A female voice answers SCP-2442. The name cannot be discerned, as the microphone temporarily cut out.

 SCP-2442 reaches out and squeezes the air with one hand. A silhouette of a hand and forearm appears in the air as it squeezes. The silhouette disappears 0.9 seconds later. SCP-[DATA LOST] is lost approximately 25 minutes later.





[END LOG EXCERPT] 
附加记录：    
The full Incident Log may be found at Incident Log 2442-02. Access to Incident Log 2442-02 is restricted to Overseer personnel. Unauthorized attempts to access Incident Log 2442-02 will be met with severe punishment by order of O5 Command. 




Incident 2442-03:  [SUMMARY REMOVED BY ORDER OF O5 COMMAND]

ExcerptsONLY)

'OnlyACCEPTED


This is the excerpt that's been concerning me. It's when Site Director Khanna gets a bit pushier with his questions. If what he says is true No, it can't be. It definitely can't. Give this a look and tell me your thoughts. - O5-9



[BEGIN LOG EXCERPT] 



















 SCP-2442 appears to be talking to a corner of the room where a decorative plant sits. The plant moves. The rustling vaguely sounds like a woman whispering 'yes'.







 Site Director Khanna's voice becomes that of an American woman and remains as such for the remainder of the session. Site Director Khanna is a Punjabi male.







 There is banging on the door as Agents █████ and ████ arrive on the scene to return SCP-2442 to its containment.

 Agents █████ and ████ break down the door and sedate SCP-2442 without resistance.

[END LOG EXCERPT] 
附加记录：    

We have to remember what we are here for. We can't be distracted by a single delusional reality bender. We must maintain stability. We must preserve normalcy. We will perpetuate in order to keep the world from falling apart. Secure. Contain. Protect. - O5-3

No one else must know this. I don't trust anyone else to have as much resolve as we do. Keep him on a 'normal' number. Don't give him anything special and warn people away from investigation.- O5-4

He is the delusional one. We maintain stability. We maintain order. We Secure the dangers. Contain the unpredictable. Protect the world from knowledge it must not know. The world needs us. needs us. - O5-5










                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 16:39
            
            Edit
+151)
Tags
Discuss (42)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Alfamedia
                      
              Alfabetización mediática para educadores
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCPDeclassified Sandbox
                      
              Secure, Contain, Protect, Declassify
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hex House
                      
              A truly magical place...sort of.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Eitrigg Crafters
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

