                        


Item #:  SCP-1083

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1083 is to be stored in a containment locker at Site 38 when not in use. SCP-1083 is to be transported to and from its locker only by junior researchers with no previous history of violent behavior, and only while wearing protective gloves. Under no circumstances are personnel with Level 2 or higher clearance to come into contact with SCP-1083. Testing with D-class personnel is prohibited due to lack of relevant data collected during experimentation. All personnel coming into contact with SCP-1083 are to be immediately debriefed and sent for psychological counseling.

Description:  SCP-1083 is a blue-tinted piece of quartz in the shape of a deformed human skull, 15kg in weight and with dimensions of 20cm in height, 30cm in length, and 12cm in width. The skull demonstrates no anomalous properties except when held by a single person in both hands.

When held with both hands, subjects exposed to SCP-1083 will experience a sudden, massive increase in neural activity for 1-3 seconds (confirmed by EEG analysis). Afterwards, non-D-class subjects will in most (87%) cases experience massive personality changes from their previous state. Affected subjects typically register a decrease in IQ score of between █-██ points, rendering them unsuitable for continued employment with the Foundation. In spite of this, subjects will demonstrate greater reasoning skills and use of logic, though their actual knowledge and memories will be lessened. Conversely, all D-class or other Foundation personnel that have committed violent acts against other human beings will undergo total psychological breakdowns, leading to attempts at self-harm and suicide. Subject D-3273, whose status was not connected to a violent act (demoted to D-class for violation of Foundation protocol) experienced the same effect as the rest of the non-D-class personnel, suggesting the primary importance of pacifistic tendencies.

By and large, most subjects exposed to SCP-1083 refuse to discuss their experiences with the object. Between 08/03/9█ and 02/11/0█, the only references made to the experience by exposed subjects were by D-class personnel shortly before their deaths, some of whom were noted to exclaim  is or what alterations he makes to the personalities of affected subjects.

Incident Report 1083-A:  On 11 February 200█, Operative 1/1083-237, a Level 1 volunteer, was exposed to SCP-1083. Through chance, 237 was the only recruit with an educational background in moral philosophy; this is believed to be the primary reason for the anomalous results. After exposure, 237 described her perception of the event (timed by EEG as having lasted 1.34 seconds) as having taken at least a matter of days and possibly several months. She described having spent the entire time in an infinite black void, devoid of any sensory input.

While in the void, 237 claims to have come into telepathic contact with an entity (classified as SCP-1083-1) who engaged her in discussion on matters of metaphysics, logic, and ethics. 237 described the entity's  however, her training in logic and moral philosophy caused her to eventually come to accept the entity's reasoning.

According to 237, the entity described the other Foundation personnel that had  when she proved immune to any form of amnestic agent, termination was ordered on 11/5/0█.

Addendum 1083-1: Recovery Log  SCP-1083 was recovered from a house formerly used as a safehouse by the Serpent's Hand (confirmed by documents located in the building and various graffiti found on the walls). Large quantities of blood were found in many rooms of the house, though no usable samples could be obtained due to what is believed to be deliberate contamination. No corpses were found. The skull was found in one of the bedrooms in the house, along with documentation from the agency known as  Fragments of a badly ripped note were found throughout the house and pieced together to form the following:



ORACULUM COMBINE OF OCEANS [maintains certainty? pledges?] THAT ALL PRODUCTS WILL [operate? behave?] TO OPTIMAL SPECIFICATIONS. IF UNABLE TO PLEASE [owner? host?] TO FULLEST DEGREE PLEASE COMPLETE BELOW FORM TO [fragment lost]


CUSTOMER 
PRODUCT CODE 
PLACE OF ORIGIN 
COMPLAINT 


ALEXYLVA UNIVERSITY PHILOSOPHY DEPT
OΡΦ XV
ALEXANDRIA SYLVANOS
EXCESSIVELY RETRIBUTIVE TOWARDS [life-harvesters?], BORDERS ON PACIFISTIC. VIOLATES ARISTOTELIAN PRECEDENTS REGARDING JUST WAR. REQUESTING REPLACEMENT AND REIMBURSEMENT FOR DEAD WARRIORS.


附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                skeletal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            30 Dec 2019 21:43
            
            Edit
+124)
Tags
Discuss (37)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Iatkos
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Inter Irc
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            La Insurgencia del Caos
                      
              Creando la Lógica De lo Ilógico
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Micro  Epi @ Morningside Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

