                        


Item #:  SCP-2744

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2744 is to be housed in a standard Small Fauna Containment Cell with environment type  environment, although SCP-2744 appears to prefer carpet. Cell should be furnished with at least five (5) different pieces of furniture for human or feline use, with at least one piece of human furniture and at least one cat bed (any bed type is suitable). Ten (10) cat toys of different types should also be kept in the room. To keep SCP-2744 preoccupied and prevent boredom, it is recommended that furniture in the cell promote physical activity and mental stimulation (batting, scratching, climbing, jumping, etc), and that furniture and toys be rotated into use based on SCP-2744's level of interest. Raw fish of any type may be offered to encourage good behavior. Observation through security cameras placed in the cell should be maintained continuously by at least two personnel, one watching each camera feed. Any instance of SCP-2744 becoming incorporeal outside of testing must be immediately reported to site security, and treated as a translocation-type containment breach.

Description:  SCP-2744 is the collective designation for what is presumed to be a domestic cat (Felis catus) with a white cloth draped over it. The cat is of an unknown breed, with black fur on its ears, tail, and around its eyes. The cloth is a white sheet similar to a bedsheet, covering the cat's body with the middle of the sheet covering the face area. Two eye holes, two ear holes, and a tail hole in the sheet allow the cat's ears and tail to protrude and its eyes to view through the sheet. Three lines appear to be drawn onto the sheet on SCP-2744's muzzle using permanent ink, mimicking the presence of whiskers. The corners of the sheet fall where the cat's feet should appear, and each corner appears to have  drawn onto the sheet with permanent ink. The underside of the sheet corners show a pawprint, also appearing as if drawn on.

The sheet itself must be irregularly shaped for it to cover SCP-2744 in the way which it does, but measuring the sheet show all sides to be exactly 0.5m long, no matter where the sheet is measured. The sheet is secured by a dark blue ribbon tied around the cat's neck, with a silver bell threaded on the ribbon. The bell itself is fully functional with all parts, but will not emit noise.

SCP-2744 cannot exist in a tangible form without its sheet covering it. Although SCP-2744's ears, eyes, and tail are clearly visible while the sheet covers it, any attempt to view SCP-2744 under the sheet is impossible. Attempting to view SCP-2744 by moving the sheet appears to distress or anger it, as it has resisted every attempt so far. SCP-2744 moves by  side touching the ground surface. There appear to be normal cat feet under the sheet while in the corporeal form, as the sheet will conform to the shape of legs and feet when in movement.

Lifting the sheet fully will cause SCP-2744 to become incorporeal immediately. Its sheet will always fall completely flat no matter how it is observed to have fallen and no matter the impossibility for it to fall naturally into such a position. The bell and ribbon will disappear. The sheet will not resist gravity, and will drape itself over ledges and such as expected, but will stay flat and show no wrinkles. After a few moments, SCP-2744 will usually  until the sheet has dried. The sheet will not permanently stain no matter what liquid it is doused in, and the process of drying will cause any discoloration from the liquid to also disappear.

Attempting to view SCP-2744 under the sheet by observing SCP-2744 from below (such as from a position where the viewer is underneath SCP-2744, or viewing via a camera placed under SCP-2744) will cause SCP-2744 to appear as only a sheet with five holes cut out of it (similar in size to the eye, ear, and tail holes seen in its corporeal form), laying flat on the surface. This can cause visual inconsistencies, as SCP-2744 will continue to interact with its surroundings as per usual for its corporeal state, but will appear as only a flat sheet sliding on a two-dimensional plane. The corners of the sheet in this viewed state will show the  view, generally causing mild headaches to the viewer. This is likely due to the visual inconsistency, rather than an anomalous effect.

Addendum A:  SCP-2744 is capable of leaving temporary paw prints on surfaces as it walks, leaving what appears to be a permanent ink transfer stain in the same shape of the  while the marks usually fade within two to three seconds of appearing, some marks have been documented as remaining for up to four minutes before disappearing. There does not appear to be any reason for these inconsistencies, although it may be that SCP-2744 is capable of controlling how long these paw prints remain (see Data Log 2744 - Paw Prints for detailed information).

Addendum B:  It is possible to  SCP-2744 out of its sheet appears to greatly distress it, and it will lie prone for an extended period of time once it has returned to corporeal form.

Addendum C:  SCP-2744 requires no sustenance, and will not react to food or water offered to it. The exception is raw seafood, which SCP-2744 will always accept and  The food will vanish when it comes into contact with SCP-2744's mouth area, although SCP-2744 will not show any visible change in mass. Cooked fish is always ignored like all other food, and some types of cooked seafood have also been ignored.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            18 Oct 2017 00:28
            
            Edit
+83)
Tags
Discuss (13)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Porsche Wiki
                      
              Brought to You By RedLine Technik | RedLineTechnik.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Green House Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            สถาบัน SCP
                      
              ควบคุม, กักกัน, ป้องกัน
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Elogee Chamber
                      
              Ike for President
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

