                        





Item #:  SCP-3830

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3830 is to be kept in a standard Safe-class storage locker in Site-64. All SCP-3830-2 specimens are to be kept within a specialized D-Class housing block used exclusively for subjects affected by non-lethal anomalous items.

Should a non-D-Class Foundation personnel become an instance of SCP-3830-2, they are to be allowed to continue their employment. If the affected subject is currently assigned to an aquatic item, they are to be reassigned immediately (see Addendum 3830-B).

Description:  SCP-3830 is a crochet doll of red and blue coloration arguably resembling a betta fish (Betta splendens).

SCP-3830's anomalous effects manifest upon a subject entering within 1m radius area, the subject's melatonin production will substantially increase until the subject enters any stage of sleep.

Upon entering said stage of sleep (hereby referred to as SCP-3830-1), the subject will experience a dream in which they are a betta fish in a river occupied solely by other betta fish. SCP-3830-1 always occurs in some form of wetland. The subject will remain in their stage of sleep until a fight is lost despite any and all attempts to awaken them.

In SCP-3830-1, all betta fish which occupy the same body of water as the affected subject display complex sapience with the ability to speak and comprehend English. The fish exhibit signs of extreme hostility and will commonly engage in vulgar conversation followed by physical combat with other organisms.

The physical combat with the fish commonly takes place within one of multiple small boxes consisting solely of kelp and seashells seemingly replicating the appearance of boxing rings. The fights within these boxes are commonly spectated by the other betta. The spectating betta are usually seen with the letters  written on multiple parts of their body.

If a betta fish is to engage in combat with the affected subject and 1 the subject will immediately awaken from their stage of sleep showing a complete lack of tiredness.

During the subject's state of sleep, they will begin to develop aquatic respiratory organs, or gills (subject is hereby referred to as SCP-3830-2). This development will continue for approximately two hours before they finish manifestation. It is to note that the subject's regular respiratory organs remain alongside the development of the new ones.

The gills which have grown on SCP-3830-2 have multiple statements of  written alongside its edges in a style of appearance similar to that of permanent marker. Any and all attempts to remove these markings have met with failure.

Addendum 3830-A:  The following is an interview between D-3830-5 and Researcher Carl Dailey.



[BEGIN LOG] 

Researcher Dailey:  Hello, D-3830-5.

D-3830-5:  'Sup.

Researcher Dailey:  You recently underwent exposure to SCP-3830, correct?

D-3830-5:  [Points to gills] Uh, yeah. It was one hell of an experience.

Researcher Dailey:  Can you recall the events of your dream?

D-3830-5:  Well, sure. Firstly, I realized that I had fins. Fuckin' fins, bro. That's also when I realized that they were the same color as these fish that surrounded me. There were a bunch of them. They were very pretty, but they were assholes. We were in a river or something and they all kept picking fights with each other there was a lot of that. They were like some WWE wrestlers, fightin' in all of these rings and shit. I'll be honest, I had a hoot watching them. Not fake like the actual WWE. At least, didn't seem like it.

Researcher Dailey:  Please proceed.

D-3830-5:  Well, one of 'em decided to pick a fight with me. I wasn't gonna let no fish kick my ass, no fuckin' way. So, I tried to beat that motherfucker.

Researcher Dailey:  What happened during the fight?

D-3830-5:  [Hesitantly] The fish kicked my ass RKO'd me.

Researcher Dailey:  Can you recall anything happening following the conclusion of the fight?

D-3830-5:  Yeah, I still heard the motherfucker talkin' shit as my vision started to go black.

Researcher Dailey:  What did it say?

D-3830-5:  Yeah, uh

Researcher Dailey:  Thank you for your time.
附加记录：    

Addendum 3830-B:  Recently, SCP-3830-2 instances have reported an extreme desire to visit both rivers and aquariums in an attempt to prove that they are  Due to this, SCP-3830-2 instances are not to be within the vicinity of aquatic locations nor objects.

Footnotes
1. This is commonly characterized by knocking the subject unconscious within SCP-3830-1.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                toy
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 00:18
            
            Edit
+30)
Tags
Discuss (13)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            AQ3D
                      
              AdventureQuest 3D Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            iSchool High
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Capitol Hill Community Council
                      
              a community site
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            World History/Physical Geo.
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

