                        


Item #:  SCP-048-J

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Due to its prevalence in public society, no method has proven effective in fully containing SCP-048-J. Rumors are to be disseminated to the public that the use of SCP-048-J is  to discourage the continuation of its use. This is to be accomplished through word of mouth and by representing SCP-048-J in a negative light in mass media. All Foundation employees are to be alerted to the true nature of SCP-048-J and requested to minimize or fully cease its use in their speech and writing.

Description:  SCP-048-J is a set of anomalous phrases which, when spoken or written, will cause manipulation of probability in the user's vicinity. These shifts in probability are universally detrimental to the user or the completion of the user's objectives, and to any factors or individuals that may have been directly beneficial to the user. SCP-048-J consists primarily of the phrase  but variations of this phrase also seem to activate SCP-048-J's probability manipulation effect.

Addendum 1:  Example of SCP-048-J's use. Audio sample from the Site-██ containment breach on ██/██/████.



 

Agent Leon Red:  [panting] Are they still behind us?

Agent Paulus Shirt:  No, I-I think we outran them.

Agent Red:  Nasty little buggers, aren't they?

Agent Shirt:  Yeah, I don't think they'll find us in here though.

Agent Red:  Aw, who are you kidding? If they don't find us, something worse will. We're good as dead already unless the reinforcements get here in time.

Agent Shirt:  Come on. Okay, so maybe we're stuck in the middle of a containment breach. And maybe we won't make it out. And maybe we're cut off from everyone else on the site. But look on the bright side! At least [SCP-048-J]

Agent Red:  No! You idiot! You're never supposed to say-

Site-██ Automated Announcement System:  ATTENTION ALL PERSONNEL. SCP-2317 HAS BREACHED CONTAINMENT. [DATA EXPUNGED] HAS BREACHED CONTAINMENT.

Agent Red:  You just had to say it, didn't you?

Agent Shirt:  You don't honestly think that that happened because I said 

[DATA EXPUNGED]:  Found you. 

Agents Red and Shirt:  AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!

 

Closing Statement:  In the ensuing containment breach, Site-██ was destroyed, a total of ████ anomalies breached containment, and all █,███,███,███ on-site personnel were killed. Agent Paulus Shirt has been issued a posthumous reprimand.
附加记录：    

Addendum 2:  Log from the Area-███ break room.



 

Junior Researcher Joseph Shmoe:  Morning █████.

Security Agent █████ Wolf:  Hey Joe, how's your morning been?

Junior Researcher Shmoe:  Not too good. The wife just filed for divorce.

Agent Wolf:  Hm. Sorry to hear that.

Junior Researcher Shmoe:  Yeah, and that's on top of a bunch of other stuff. This day literally can't get an- [At this point in the recording Junior Researcher Shmoe has his head shot off by Agent Wolf.]

Agent Wolf:  Don't you ever say that!

 

Closing Statement:  Agent Wolf has been awarded the Foundation Gold Star for bravery in the face of danger and for averting the containment breach of SCP-048-J. Research into Junior Researcher Shmoe's past revealed that he was, in fact, a sleeper agent for the Chaos Insurgency who was meant to sabotage Foundation operations using SCP-048-J.
附加记录：    

Addendum 3:  On █/█/████, the second form of SCP-048-J was discovered and designated SCP-048-J-2. SCP-048-J-2 consists of the phrase  When spoken by an individual involved in an experiment or project involving an SCP object, it will invariably cause the failure of the endeavor and large-scale collateral damage, often with far-reaching consequences. The negative effects of SCP-048-J-2 appear to be multiplied exponentially if the user has been previously advised against carrying out the endeavor.

                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            21 Jun 2019 12:39
            
            Edit
+260)
Tags
Discuss (45)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Dark Souls Wiki
                      
              Your #1 source of fan provided tips, strategies, FAQs, and informaton about Dark Souls
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Snow Leopard Compatibility
                      
              Which apps work with Mac OS X 10.6?
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            zeromq
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Celtic Heroes Wiki
                      
              A Wiki for the iPhone/iPad MMO Celtic Heroes
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

