                        


Item #:  SCP-4682

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4682 is contained in a secure storage locker in Site-19. SCP-4682 is to remain wrapped in opaque material. Viewing SCP-4682 is strictly prohibited. Individuals subjected to the effects of SCP-4682 are advised to avoid reflective surfaces, and are restricted from appearing or being depicted in visual media or observed through means other than the naked eye for their own mental health. Affected individuals should also undergo monthly or weekly therapy sessions with a member of Schuyler  Crane Psychiatry, as determined by Foundation psychologists.

Description:  SCP-4682 is a common silver glass mirror made of non-anomalous materials. The anomalous properties take effect when an individual observes their own reflection in SCP-4682. When they see themselves in SCP-4682, they will perceive minor physical deformities or imperfections in their appearance. These imperfections are present in video footage and photographs1 of affected individuals but are not visible to the naked eye.

Common instances of recorded imperfections in D-class test subjects include:

Incorrect facial proportions, such as eyes being too close together or too far apart;
Incorrect body proportions, such as grossly incorrect height and weight;
Acne, eczema, first-degree burns, and other skin conditions of varying extremity;
Rotting or yellowing teeth, or cavities;
Facial features generally seen as conventionally unattractive, such as unibrows or patchy beards, and;
Bodily features generally seen as conventionally unattractive, such as gangly limbs or excessive body hair.


This effect is cumulative: whenever an affected person sees themselves in a reflective surface (such as another mirror, a blank computer screen, or a polished surface) they will perceive another imperfection each additional time they view their own reflection. The phenomenon does not appear to  from surface to surface, but those viewing the reflection of an affected individual will still perceive the flaws.

Discovery:  SCP-4682 was discovered in an apartment complex in Broken Bow, Oklahoma when local police were called to the scene to investigate a resident was reported missing by his boyfriend. They discovered the corpse of [REDACTED] next to a tumbler containing trace amounts of what was later determined to be a mixture of Robitussin and Jack Daniel's brand whiskey. An undercover member of MTF Iota-10 () was sent in to assess the situation. They discovered SCP-4682 in the tenet's bedroom laying intact on the carpet, at which point it was recovered and put into containment.

A suicide note was also discovered at the apartment:



Rob,

I'm sorry. Please don't hate me. I'm doing this because I love you. I love you as much as I hate myself. I can't stand the sight of my own reflection. I backed into my neighbor's car the other day because I couldn't meet my own eyes in the rear-view mirror. I'm becoming stupid as well as ugly.

I can't look at myself for one more second. I smashed the bathroom mirror, but I could still see myself in the pieces on the floor. I threw them away, and caught my ugly face in the reflection of the dishwasher. Stomped on my phone when I saw myself in the glass protector. I even took a hammer to the hand mirror you bought me. I hit it over and over until it was nothing but shards and splinters, but I couldn't stop seeing myself in every little sliver of glass. I thought about putting a nail in my eyes so I wouldn't have to look at myself, but that would just make things worse. My ugly face is everywhere, on everything, and there's only one way to avoid it for good.

I never understood what you saw in my worthless ass, but I think your feelings blinded you to how hideous I really am. You're in love with me, so you see me through rose-colored glasses. You love your ugly boyfriend in spite of his crooked teeth and his chewed-up nails. It's very noble of you, really, but you can do better. You deserve better, and now you don't have me holding you back anymore.

I'm going to mix myself something to drink. This life didn't work out so well for me. Maybe the next one will be better.

With love,

[REDACTED]
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Results with artistic depictions are inconclusive. Imperfections will be present if the subject is being depicted in a realistic manner, but caricatures and abstract works are rarely affected.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 22:42
            
            Edit
+12)
Tags
Discuss (10)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            PhyloWiki
                      
              Assisting research and education in phylogenetics and evolution
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Beaders Resource Guide
                      
              A place for those who love to bead.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Rhyes of Wiki
                      
              Wiki for Rhyes mods and general awesomeness
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Maximum Tension
                      
              Programing / Design Lab.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

