                        


Item #:  SCP-1617

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All contained SCP-1617 instances are to be held within Safe class storage lockers within Site-39. SCP-1617 instances require incidental cleaning once per six months to prevent further deterioration. Excessive deterioration on an instance requires restoration work to be performed as necessary; this restoration may be performed by any qualified personnel.

New instances of SCP-1617 are to be contained by Mobile Task Force Upsilon-18 () and transported to Site-39.

Description:  SCP-1617 is the collective designation of various counterfeit art pieces. Approximately 96% of SCP-1617 instances have been identified as duplicates of pre-20th-century paintings or sculptures; the remaining 4% are works which exhibit similar anomalous effects, but the original works and artists are not known to have existed in any form.

When a viewer observes an SCP-1617 instance and identifies it as an artwork, they will begin to experience auditory and visual hallucinations. The visual hallucinations typically involve a geometrically simple pattern being repeatedly scrolled or manipulated, while the auditory hallucinations are typically composed of synthesized musical scores, often identified as covers of songs popular during the 1980s and 1990s. All viewers will report some manner of English-language text appearing during these hallucinations. This text typically identifies the original piece's name and artist, as well as a message which purports to be from the creator of the counterfeit piece. The hallucination will cease within 20 seconds to 2 minutes, depending on the object viewed.

After these hallucinations cease, the viewer is able to observe the SCP-1617 instance with no further anomalous effects. Should the viewer cease observing an SCP-1617 instance for a period of ten minutes, returning to that instance and viewing it again will result in an identical hallucination. Different viewers observing the same object will report similar or identical hallucinations.

Addendum 1:  Sample logs of hallucination effects.



SCP-1617-14: 

Original Piece:  The Thinker

Original Artist:  Auguste Rodin

Auditory Hallucination:  Cover of  pitched one octave higher, sounds similar to square waves

Visual Hallucination:  High-speed forwards movement through a purple nebula

English Text: 

 BY RODIN CRACKED BY AWCY CRACKING CREW

ENJOY THE STARFIELD
附加记录：    



SCP-1617-39: 

Original Piece:  The Mona Lisa

Original Artist:  Leonardo da Vinci

Auditory Hallucination:  Cover of  sounds similar to triangle waves

Visual Hallucination:  Dancing cartoon frog in front of black and white checkerboard pattern

English Text: 

 BY DA VINCI CRACKED BY THE DOOD

AN OLD CLASSIC FOR ALL TO ENJOY
附加记录：    



SCP-1617-117: 

Original Piece:  Unknown

Original Artist:  Unknown

Description:  A landscape painting of a planet that has superficial similarity to Mars

Auditory Hallucination:  Unknown; believed to be original composition based in 7:4 time, sounds similar to triangle waves

Visual Hallucination:  Complex mechanisms with similarity to the internals of a cuckoo clock

English Text: 

 BY ORICELLUS CRACKED BY AWCY CRACKING CREW

SPECIAL THANKS TO BRIAN_29 FOR THE ORIGINAL SOURCE
附加记录：    

Addendum 2:  On 20/06/2008, Site-39 received a mailed message written in a composite language derivative of Latin, Greek, and Old English. This message was translated as follows:



To the [artists? thieves?] of the derivative works [illegible], we write on behalf of the artist Oricellus. This is a formal [message? threat?] and takedown request for your hosted works. These pieces violate the intellectual property rights of Oricellus. As you may know, this violates [ownership? gift?] law and must cease promptly. [request? order?] prompt removal or further actions will be taken.
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            05 Sep 2019 06:29
            
            Edit
+131)
Tags
Discuss (31)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Jakeopod Wiki
                      
              All things Jakeopod
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            STE documentation wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            混沌分裂者
                      
              于无理之中创造逻辑
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Captain Barefoot
                      
              The naturist guide to the Greek Islands
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

