                        




Front Cover of SCP-2219's package



Item #:  SCP-2219

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2219 is to be kept in a standard containment locker at Site-59. As of 4/29/15, testing of SCP-2219 is to be carried out using a specialized remote analog proxy and a camera on a Game Boy system. Direct human testing is prohibited.

Though SCP-2219 is believed to be unique, any copies discovered of SCP-2219 are to be seized by the Foundation immediately.

Description:  SCP-2219 is an unlicensed Game Boy game titled , SCP-2219 comes without clear instructions and is subject to ambiguous gameplay goals and various glitches.

In the place of an instruction manual is a singular note reading the following:



Imersive 5D game EXPERIENTS!

GOLDOX is come to BÄRHAUS. Danger muchly. Usurp BÄRTHRONE and pregnate BÄRPRINCESS and conquer BÄRPEOPL. Unwanted? Haw! It begin. Depress START to Levesque. PROVE YOU WROTH!

A words of CAUSHING: 5D feature doing much, failure is testamint to an WEAK UNDESERVING sort LEPERKIND. INCOMPETENCE will be PENALIZED this is necessary. You AGREE. Good. 
附加记录：    



In-game screenshot of the boss of level 4, .


SCP-2219's anomalous qualities surface during gameplay. Different outcomes of gameplay result in either positive or negative responses on a human player's body, as revealed through testing on D-class subjects. This is likely the  of gameplay mentioned in the note.



In-Game Situation
Effect on Player


GOLDOX collects 100 Porridge.
Player experiences a sense of induced relaxation and contentment, consistent with light sedatives.


GOLDOX collects 500 Porridge.
Instantaneous orgasm.


GOLDOX fails to collect at least 25 Porridge by the end of a level.
Light seizure.


GOLDOX loses a life.
Throat severely inflamed for five minutes; breathing made difficult.


GOLDOX loses all lives; game over.
Player contracts leprosy.


GOLDOX loses a life to the level 5 boss, .
Instantaneous, rapid tooth rot.


GOLDOX loses a life to the level 7 boss, .
Permanent blindness.


GOLDOX loses a life to the final boss, .
Cardiac arrest.


Final boss defeated.
Unknown - outcome yet to be achieved.



Addendum:  SCP-2219 was recovered from the home of Jacob Nagle in Lombard, IL after several leads on Reddit.com regarding . Nagle was in the severe stages of leprosy and had foregone treatment out of his obsession to complete the game.



Interviewed:  Jacob Nagle

Interviewer:  Dr. Isaiah Henderson



Dr. Henderson:  Good morning, Mr. Nagle. I hope your treatments are going well.

Nagle:  I need to play PORRIDGE again.

Dr. Henderson:  May I ask why?

Nagle:  If I tell you, will you let me play it again?

Dr. Henderson:  I'm afraid that's not possible.

Nagle:  Damn. Of course it isn't.

Dr. Henderson:  Do you feel a psychological compulsion to play PORRIDGE?

Nagle:  Do I look mental or something? If you knew what was coming after the final boss, you'd want to play it too. It's not even supposed to be a game, it's a way to weed out the unworthy. I saw the one guy that beat the game. Just to look at him, the light coming out of his eyes, it was

[Nagle hesitates]

Dr. Henderson:  Go on.

Nagle:  Yeah, nice try. You white-collar shitstains would keep it all for yourselves.


附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Stylized as TotleighSoft









‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  porridge.jpg

Author:  daveyoufool

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  SCP Wiki
附加记录：    



Filename:  screenshot.jpg

Author:  daveyoufool

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  SCP Wiki
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            16 Sep 2020 04:58
            
            Edit
+241)
Tags
Discuss (54)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Cuil Theory
                      
              A Mathematical unit of Surrealism.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Evil Hat Productions Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hex House
                      
              A truly magical place...sort of.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Covid-19: Πως επηρεάστηκε η καθημερινότητά μας.
                      
              Εξ αποστάσεως εκπαίδευση
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

