                        


Item #:  SCP-692

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Each package of SCP-692 is to be stored in a sealed plastic container. Any cloth, synthetic textile or other coming into contact with SCP-692 is to be incinerated within one (1) hour of incident, unless it is being used for testing, in which case it is to be incinerated after testing.

Security personnel present at testing are to be equipped with standard-issue gas-based flamethrowers.

Description:  SCP-692 comprises 57 packages of  washing powder secured by the Foundation from a general store in ██████, Czech Republic, and several households nearby. All of the packages belong to the ████/███ production series.

Chemical testing reveals no statistically significant deviations from composition with respect to  washing powder of unaffected production series.

When an article of clothing exposed to SCP-692 comes into uninterrupted contact at least fifteen (15) minutes long with a living, multicellular organism, within following four (4) to fifteen (15) hours, the article, (referred to as SCP-692-1) will spontaneously animate.

SCP-692-1 at this stage show the contours of the imprinting organism, although bisection of several instances of SCP-692-1 has revealed that the inside of such contour contains air at ambient pressure.

Through an as-of-now unknown mechanism, SCP-692-1 is capable of locomotion, manipulation of objects, and at times, accretion of more articles of clothing into its mass. Furthermore, SCP-692-1 with a single  item will behave as a single entity, even if there is no physical connection between the items.

The mode of behaviour of SCP-692-1 depends on the length of exposure to the imprinting organism, longer times resulting in a higher quality of simulation - approximately three hours of uninterrupted contact are sufficient for the imprinting of most mammals.

SCP-692-1 are unaffected by most mechanical damage, and as such, incineration is the recommended method of disposal.

Addendum 692-1: 

TESTSCP-692

TESTSCP-692




ITEM:  0.5m x 0.3m sheet of cloth

IMPREGNATING AGENT:  A housecat

EXPOSURE TIME:  5 minutes.

RESULT:  No effect observed even after 10 hours. Cloth incinerated.





ITEM:  0.5m x 0.3m sheet of cloth

IMPREGNATING AGENT:  A housecat

EXPOSURE TIME:  15 minutes.

RESULT:  Two hours after impregnation the sheet has wrapped itself as if enveloping the body of a housecat of equal size to the impregnating agent. Resulting SCP-692-1 showed no traces of animation. Cutting resulting SCP-692-1 into several segments produced no adverse effects. Resulting SCP-692-1 was subsequently incinerated.





ITEM:  0.5m x 0.3m sheet of cloth.

IMPREGNATING AGENT:  A housecat.

EXPOSURE TIME:  three (3) hours.

RESULT:  One and half hours after impregnation, the sheet has wrapped itself as if enveloping the body of a housecat of equal size to the impregnating agent. Resulting SCP-692-1 has exhibited behaviour consistent with that of the impregnating agent. When presented with a live mouse, resulting SCP-692-1 appeared excited, and proceeded to capture and kill it. Resulting SCP-692-1 isn't adversely affected by machine-washing, though doing so appears to anger it. This instance of SCP-692-1 currently resides within the office of Researcher E████████.





ITEM:  A standard D-class jumpsuit.

IMPREGNATING AGENT:  D-835 , a 25 year old white male.

EXPOSURE TIME:  three (3) hours.

RESULT:  Two and half hours after impregnation, the jumpsuit appeared as if filled with a human body. The resulting SCP-692-1 became active when approached, slamming present technician into a wall, and attempting to escape the test room. Resulting SCP-692-1 failed to escape as its lack of digits didn't allow for manipulation of door mechanisms and was subsequently incinerated by security personnel.
附加记录：    










                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            28 Feb 2020 02:30
            
            Edit
+70)
Tags
Discuss (30)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Captain Barefoot
                      
              The naturist guide to the Greek Islands
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Borradores OTS
                      
              Tu lugar de imaginación para los OTS, relatos y mucho más
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CubeSat
                      
              University of Leicester CubeSat Project
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Πλημμύρες
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

