                        




SCP-855 before development of anomalous properties.



Item #:  SCP-855

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Four (4) members of security are to be present outside SCP-855's location at all times. No staff are to enter SCP-855 during  phase are to be dispatched by security staff.

Any personnel entering SCP-855 during its  phase are to be monitored by security staff for signs of aggression. During all other phases, research staff are free to enter and monitor SCP-855.

Description:  SCP-855 is the designation given to Lecture Hall ██, located at Site ██. SCP-855 is equipped to seat one hundred (100) personnel. One reinforced skylight is present on the ceiling to allow the entry of natural light.

Each month, SCP-855 will redecorate itself and temporarily develop anomalous properties, seemingly themed after genres of film. This continues for the entirety of the month, and has taken the form of:

Manifestation of entities
Mind-altering Effects
Hallucinations


Genre Log: 


Month
Presumed 'Genre'
Effects


January
Action
Reports of explosions came from within SCP-855. Security was called in to investigate, at which point a sports car burst through the doors into SCP-855, running over one (1) member of security. Personnel later reported a man in a tuxedo firing at them with a pistol from within the vehicle. Vehicle vanished thirty (30) seconds later.


February
Detective Noir
Researchers within SCP-855 temporarily adopted a pessimistic attitude. Light spectrum appears to be affected, causing all researchers in SCP-855 to turn monochrome.


March
Surreal
All researchers sent into SCP-855 disappeared without a trace. Mobile Task Force Beta-23 () was sent in for a retrieval mission. One member of Mobile Task Force Beta-23 was recovered twenty (20) days after entry, the rest were declared KIA. Survivor claims that SCP-855 contained a room that stretched on for miles, with 'things' in it. Survivor did not respond to further inquiry regarding the nature of said entities.


April
Comedy
Rate of research accidents surrounding SCP-855 increased by 50%. Multiple personnel reported disembodied laughter.


May
Western
Increased aggression noted in personnel inside SCP-855. Multiple fights break out. After researchers were evacuated, the doors leading into SCP-855 opened independently, at which point a single tumbleweed emerged.


June
Disaster
All personnel evacuated from SCP-855. Analysis of SCP-855 via camera drone shows dangerously high levels of radiation. Large, ratlike creature detected by camera drone.


July
Gangster
Footage camera drone used to monitor SCP-855 showed a large city similar to 1950's Chicago. Every individual on the street appeared to be dressed in the manner of a stereotypical gangster.


August
Drama
Upon entering SCP-855, researchers became highly aggressive and began insulting and arguing with those nearby.


September
Science Fiction
Entry to SCP-855 was strictly forbidden, as sensors indicated no oxygen was present within.


October
War
Sounds of conflict were audible from within SCP-855. Security were called in to prevent a repeat of the  incident. A World War 2 era tank subsequently emerged from SCP-855 and fired upon security, killing three (3) of them. Said tank vanished thirty (30) seconds later.


November
Historical
Recording from camera drone sent into SCP-855 showed a portrayal of Rome at the height of the Roman Empire. Further analysis revealed several historical inaccuracies, as all individuals were observed to speak clear English, some with obvious accents.


December
Horror
A heavy-set man with a noose around his neck emerged from within SCP-855, wielding a large knife. ██ personnel killed during partial containment breach. Security later reported that bullets had little effect on the entity.









                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            05 Mar 2020 21:33
            
            Edit
+112)
Tags
Discuss (23)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Startup Australia
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sandbox SCP L. Alex
                      
              Et northographe !
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            BZHLab
                      
              Makers goes west!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            International Translation Archive
                      
              of the SCP Foundation
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

