                        



Item #:  SCP-2697

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  A partial security fence has been constructed 50m from the edge of SCP-2697. The entire watershed is to remain closed to the public on the pretext of being a former live-fire range for the nearby Mountain Home Air Force Base. Intruders are to be apprehended by Foundation agents disguised as U.S. Bureau of Land Management personnel, warned of the dangers of unexploded ordnance, and turned away. If necessary, class-C amnestics may be used to deter persistent exploration attempts.

When a wildfire begins inside SCP-2697, all personnel are to leave the area immediately. Non-portable equipment and structures are to be abandoned, and rebuilt only after the fire. No firefighting attempt is to last longer than 12 hours: any persons or objects left inside SCP-2697 after this period must be considered lost and allowed to burn. (See Incident Report 2697-433 for explanation.) Agents embedded in the National Interagency Fire Center are to ensure that SCP-2697 fires are not targeted for civilian firefighting. These personnel are also to assist the ongoing information-suppression and disinformation campaigns that prevent public discovery of the anomaly.

In the event of any SCP-2697-1 activity, the project lead is to be notified immediately. Should SCP-2697's response fail to quell the activity, Procedure 98-Miramichi is to be enacted at the project lead's discretion.

Description:  SCP-2697 is the watershed of Upper ███ Creek, a minor tributary of the ████████ River located in the Jarbidge Mountains of north-central Nevada. The drainage's land area is approximately 150 square kilometers; its vegetation consists largely of mixed shrub steppe and sparse juniper forest, with scattered aspen groves on north-facing slopes. All organisms and structures native to the watershed1 are considered members of SCP-2697.

As is typical of the area, SCP-2697 is at high risk of wildfires in late summer. However, the fire regime in SCP-2697 is anomalous in several respects. First, the entirety of SCP-2697 invariably burns each year: 100% of its land surface has been subject to active surface and crown fires every year since at least 1952,3

Secondly, wildfires in SCP-2697 have minimal effects on its native organisms and structures. These objects catch fire and burn, but suffer relatively minimal injury, losing no more than 10% of their total mass to burn damage. Living organisms show no sign of distress while burning; animals ignore the flames completely. Damage that would ordinarily impair an organism's bodily functions or an object's structural integrity does not cause any apparent disability or instability.4 Furthermore, over a period of three to twenty days after the fire subsides, all damage caused to native organisms and structures is anomalously repaired: living organisms heal with abnormal speed, while nonliving objects revert gradually to their pre-fire condition.

Thirdly, these same wildfires are disproportionately destructive to nonnative influences. SCP-2697 wildfires ignite all objects not native to SCP-2697 and quickly destroy them. Any and every entity originating outside SCP-2697 is affected, including those composed of ordinarily-nonflammable materials such as metal, asbestos, and fire-retardant foam. Nonnative objects and organisms that avoid ignition become unusually attractive to the local wildlife: the longer an unburned nonnative object persists inside the anomaly's boundaries, the more the native fauna will tend to approach it, attempting to touch it and thereby spread the fire already affecting them. 100% of these encounters have so far ended either in the nonnative object's destruction or its withdrawal from SCP-2697. (See Incident Report 2697-433.)

Nonnative material destroyed by SCP-2697 wildfires is converted to fine ash and charcoal, identifiable after the fact as burnt stem and leaf tissue of 5 [DATA EXPUNGED  SEE DOCUMENT 2697-27A4].

SCP-2697-1 is an object of unknown origin and properties, located at an estimated depth of 23 it does not display similar toxicity or conversion processes, but see Incident Report 2697-436.

Analysis of fracture patterns in the stone surrounding SCP-2697-1 indicates that it reached its current location about 10,000 years ago through abrupt spatial displacement. Its arrival violently ruptured the bedrock and caused significant geological disruption throughout SCP-2697. Certain fissures thus created still contain small amounts of cobalt-bearing residue, although surrounding charcoal deposits suggest that most of the substance was destroyed by fire shortly after being deposited.

Incident 2697-436:  On 4/14/201█, some two months before the beginning of its normal fire season, SCP-2697 underwent comprehensive autoignition: every native organism and structure inside SCP-2697 ignited, beginning with those directly above SCP-2697-1 and radiating rapidly outwards to the precise boundaries of the watershed. Simultaneously, seismographs at the SCP-2697 monitoring stations recorded a single sharp earthquake tremor of Richter magnitude 4.6.

Post-incident examination of the available evidence suggests that these events were immediately preceded by SCP-2697-1 releasing approximately 40 liters of an unidentified liquid, which was forced through the bedrock fissures and up into the soil of SCP-2697. Most of this substance was immediately destroyed by fire, but the remaining residues were found to be rich in cobalt- and argon-bearing compounds, and to have anomalous transformative properties closely analogous to those of SCP-[DATA EXPUNGED]plete conversion of its ecosystem within six weeks.

Research into possible links to SCP-███ has been raised to high priority. Individuals with Level-4 clearance may refer to Document 2697-27A4 for summaries and discussion of the currently-available data.

Incident 2697-690:  On 7/██/201█, Foundation assets with the U.S. Forest Service began investigating a series of unusually intense fires in ████████, ██. Reports had indicated that these fires, which would normally require considerable firefighting resources to contain, had all self-extinguished upon reaching the boundary of the ██████ █████ watershed. Preliminary data suggest a strong resemblance to the SCP-2697 phenomenon, including tests in which introduction of Bromus tectorum seedlings provoked a response comparable to that observed in Incident 2697-436.

The current SCP-2697 project lead has requested authorization for a comprehensive survey of the American West for additional SCP-2697 instances. This request is currently pending O5 review.

Footnotes
1. i.e. (for living organisms) born inside SCP-2697 and belonging to a species that evolved in SCP-2697's ecoregion, or (for nonliving objects) having originated within its borders without sapient interference. See Document 2697-C2L for lists of confirmed taxa and objects.
2. Continuous monitoring began in 1952.
3. Fortunately for SCP-2697's environs, fires originating inside the watershed rarely spread more than 30km distant.
4. Animals injured by SCP-2697 wildfires have, however, been observed rubbing damaged body parts in wildfire ash. Preliminary evidence suggests that this behavior further accelerates healing.
5. Cheatgrass, an invasive weed. It is highly flammable during the dry summer months and its growth is generally encouraged by fire, producing positive feedback loops that can lead to complete habitat transformation.
6. The two streams converge less than 50m from the geometric center of SCP-2697.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                subterranean
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            13 Oct 2017 21:03
            
            Edit
+80)
Tags
Discuss (26)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Black Marches
                      
              Roll20 Pathfinder
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-JP環境再現サイト
                      
              実験、実験、爆発
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Zombie Cafe Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Academic Writing
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

