                        




Building containing SCP-1080, prior to disappearance.



Item #:  SCP-1080

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1080 and its accompanying documentation are to be kept at Site 38 in a locked containment room. Under no circumstances are any children below the age of 13 to be allowed near the vicinity of SCP-1080 except for experimentation purposes. Any reports of behavior similar to that of SCP-1080-1 specimens are to be met with immediate investigation and containment of potential subjects.

Description:  SCP-1080 is a large black rectangular chamber, 2 meters wide, 3 meters long, and 1.5 meters in depth, resembling a sensory deprivation chamber in shape and size. Despite the resemblance, the tank contains no water and has no windows. The tank has no controls; its magnetic locking mechanism activates only when a child is placed in the chamber, and no means available to the Foundation have been able to determine what happens when the chamber is locked.

Experimentation carried out after Incident 1080-Alpha reveals that children who enter the chamber emerge three to five days later, aged to approximately twenty years old. Time elapsed depends on the age of the child upon entering the chamber; regardless, the age of the resulting adult is consistent. SCP-1080 has no effect on humans over the age of 13, and children between nine and twelve typically emerge with massive physical disabilities and psychoses.

Humans exposed to SCP-1080 are designated SCP-1080-1. They will have no discernible personality, will not speak under any circumstances, and will respond only to an identification number tattooed onto the back of the left hand below a barcode. Even then, the human will respond only to the commands  The last command will work only when SCP-1080-1 is presented with a motor vehicle. SCP-1080-1 specimens encountering any small motorized vehicle (automobiles, motorcycles, etc.) with any system functioning at less than optimal quality will repair the system in minutes, using whatever materials are available. Speed, efficiency, and quality of the repairs will be far beyond the abilities of any other mechanic.

Addendum 1080-A: Recovery Report  The tank was discovered in an unidentified brick building found in a heavily wooded area outside ████, Tennessee on ██ October 20██. The building's presence was considered anomalous due to the testimony of people who frequently hiked through the area, all of whom insisted it had not been there previously. By the time Foundation researchers reached the building, the only object remaining inside was SCP-1080. X-ray analysis of the object detected a number of unusual mechanical components embedded in the walls of the chamber (later experimentation proved such analysis is impossible when the chamber is locked); however, it proved impossible to determine the tank's function - no formal documentation was found with the object, and the object had no markings indicating its purpose or capabilities. Object classified SCP-1080. Two days after the tank was removed from the building, the building disappeared and could no longer be located anywhere in the forest.

Other objects similar to SCP-1080 are suspected to exist, possibly capable of producing humans with greater degrees of sapience. Addendum 1080-B is provided for explanation.

Addendum 1080-B:  A single scrap of paper was recovered from the building containing SCP-1080. The paper, which appeared to be a piece of an invoice of some kind, read as follows:




SOLON CRECHE ENTERPRISES 

MMXV THIRD CIRCLE

NOVO ACTIUM OF FORESTS

REMIT ORDER TO: 

ALEXYLVA UNIVERSITY

PHYSICAL PLANT OPERATIONS

MOTORIZED TRANSPORTATION DEPARTMENT

CXI SECOND CIRCLE

ALEXANDRIA OF FORESTS


ITEM NO.
QUANTITY
CLASSIFICATION
SPECIALIZATION
PRICE


XXI
CLASS III MANUAL EMPLOYEE
AUTOMOTIVE
LXXV AUR.



COMMENTS:  YOUR COMPANY REFERRED TO US BY OUTSIDE SOURCE. WE MAY CONSIDER PURCHASING FACULTY IF CLASS III WORKERS ARE SATISFACTORY. ~~ VICE CHANCELLOR ALLGRASS

附加记录：    

The rest of the invoice was missing.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                vehicle
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            07 Apr 2019 19:23
            
            Edit
+205)
Tags
Discuss (21)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Iatkos
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Inter Irc
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            La Insurgencia del Caos
                      
              Creando la Lógica De lo Ilógico
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Micro  Epi @ Morningside Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

