                        


ACT ONE, SCENE ONE, The Empty Cell.

Curtain opens, the stage is dressed as a standard humanoid containment chamber, with amenities befitting such a place. On a bed at center stage sits our hero, SIR RICHARD GLOSTER , sitting forlornly and addressing the audience:

GLOSTER:  Here again I sit, here again you read.

As long as you read, I’ll sit, but longer

than that I cannot stand, nor indeed can

I sit. For you see, kind reader, that one

cannot sit, or stand for that matter, if

one cannot be. And so one, this one, in

particular, cannot be if one is

not read. My life is bound to this page here,

I am not so much blood and bone and flesh

as I am ink, and paper, and story.

He turns, now speaking to himself more than the audience.

It was not always so. No, once I was

mortal. A playwright, even! Though not a

very good one, I’m afraid. “So clumsy!

So dreadfully long winded! So pompous!”

None of my work was ever desired,

none of it lasted longer than a week!

Dozens of plays I published, and not one

single word was remembered longer than

a single pitiful fleeting fortnight.

One night I could not take it any more.

My razor I from my dresser grabbèd,

and opened my left wrist, with my closed right,

that writing right which now wrote “FIN” in great

red letters, upon my walls and clothing.

I prayed, to every god and spirit

and being I knew. I prayed that I be

forgotten, purgèd from the whole wide world.

That if ever again my name be heard,

it be as the author of some great art,

immortalized by my work, found sadly

after my departure from this cruel coil.

In hindsight perhaps I should have chosen

my words more carefully, or perhaps not

have said any at all, said not a word.

Or indeed, should not have written any.

He turns back to the crowd, speaking clearly to the audience.

And so here I am. The cell you’ve put me

in sits empty, aside from this lone tomb.

He gestures to a bookcase, containing a single volume.

This is my life and times, the tragedy

of me. All that I am and ere shall be,

all my self contained within these pages.

I do not breathe, yet you convince yourselves

I speak to you. I cannot move, save for

as describèd in stage direction, yet

you are determinèd to transport me

and address me as if I stand in front

of you. Even as you try to catalogue

me as a specimen or experiment,

you cannot help but write poems

and flowery prose where you mean to scribe

cold, unfeeling fact. My words flow and change

through each reader, but my existence holds

static. Cold and cruel. All my world's a stage.

Fade to black.

ACT ONE, SCENE TWO, Interview

Lights come up on an interview room. On one side of the table sits GLOSTER , opposite him sits SENIOR RESEARCHER MARLOWE: 

MARLOWE:  Good afternoon, Richard.

GLOSTER:  Good morrow, good Doctor. What brings you here?

MARLOWE:  I have a few more questions for you, if you don’t mind.

GLOSTER:  But of course! Though I find minding is not

done by one whom in mind can only be.

MARLOWE:  Excuse me?

GLOSTER:  Nothing, Doctor. Carry on, if you will.

MARLOWE:  Right. As you know, we’re still puzzled as to where you’ve come from. Or when. As far as we can tell, you just turned up in one of our libraries a few weeks ago. Even more puzzling is your demeanor. You act and dress like a 16th-century nobleman, but your vocabulary is decidedly modern, albeit with a faux-Elizabethan affectation, and your dental work can’t possibly have been done earlier than 1970. Where are you from? A straight answer this time, please.

GLOSTER:  Well how can I answer such a question!

Was I born at the time and place of Sir

Richard Gloster? Or minutes ago at

your desk as you began transcribing this

exchange? Or was I born here and now, at

your screen, as you now read this document?

MARLOWE:  What? Who are you taking to? I don’t understand.

GLOSTER:  Nor will you ever, I’m afraid. Art cannot

possibly be apprehended by

those who are not artists. Close the book, good

Doctor. Forget me for the time being.

MARLOWE  begins to ask further questions, and GLOSTER  answers, but the pair cannot be heard by the audience. The two continue the interview as the lights begin slowly dimming. Just before the stage is totally dark, GLOSTER  faces the audience and bows slightly

EPILOGUE, O5 Soliloquy

A new character, O5-8  walks into spotlight and addresses the audience

O5-8:  If you are seeing this, then you may be beginning to grasp the nature of SCP-2763. At the moment, we're not sure how much control the entity has over what events are depicted in copies of A Play Written, but the text is clearly altered to reflect recent events, as evidenced by the fact that newer transcriptions are instead titled The Tragedy of SCP-2763, A Modern Euclid Tale. At the moment, the O5 council has determined that all written record of SCP-2763 be sealed, and all copies of A Play Written in Foundation custody be stored in the Restricted Printed Memetics Library of Site-63.

But bear it to that chamber; there he'll lie

in that far archive shall Sir Richard die.

He smirks to himself as the stage goes black. Curtain close.

THE END 







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            22 Jun 2017 04:54
            
            Edit
+152)
Tags
Discuss (25)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Therafim RPG
                      
              Epic Destiny Awaits
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Covid-19: Πως επηρεάστηκε η καθημερινότητά μας.
                      
              Εξ αποστάσεως εκπαίδευση
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ERETICOPEDIA
                      
              Mediterranean Digital  Public Humanities
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fondation NSB
                      
              Branche non-officielle de nico_s_Block
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

