                        


Item:  SCP-1550

Object Class:  Euclid/Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1550 has caused several disasters already, by significantly altering humanoid SCPs' personalities and abilities which confuses new researchers, messes with records, and poses a very real physical danger. Because of this, all research on 1550 has been halted, and it is kept in a small storage locker, triple-locked, under express orders not to be removed.

Description:  1550 is a stylish metal wheelchair, with electronics in both armrests. It is motorized and can reach speeds up to 15 miles per hour. On a molecular and tangible level it is completely normal; however, when a humanoid SCP sits in on the seat, six things will happen instantaneously:

They will lose all the hair on their head. The scalp is often described as 


They will be paralyzed from the waist down as long as they remain in 1550.


They will develop telepathic abilities.


A dramatic change in disposition will occur; they will become calm and highly intelligent, although manipulativeness and slight ruthlessness have been noted as well.


They will refer to themselves as Professor, and then the first letter of their last name.


They will begin calling all other humanoid SCPs metahumans, mutants, or homo superior, and will believe that either the facility they reside in is a . If task forces exist that utilize certain humanoid SCPs, the professor will attempt to assume leadership of these teams, and make the SCPs more central.


1550-1 will begin wheeling around whatever site they are contained in, speaking with scientists and workers. As they pass by rooms of humanoid SCPs they will engage them in conversation, and certain alterations to reality will begin to manifest. This does not require contact; if 1550-1 remains in the chair for a long enough time, The X-Men Syndrome, as it is called, will spread in a radius further and further out. Certain similarities can be observed every time:

All humanoid SCPs on location will gradually become more handsome and appealing. They will all drop in age until they are teenagers. Women's breast sizes will grow. Men will become fit and tan. For example, 661 lost all of his belly fat, and became a trim and muscled hunk.


Perhaps because of the loss of age, humanoid SCPs will suddenly become slightly depressed and moody, often times lamenting their fate and complaining of hardships in their life. However it should be noted that SCPs that were completely suicidal originally fare better; their depression is lessened, and they either begin writing poetry, making long speeches, or .


Relationships between the SCPs will increase dramatically. Almost everyone will be friends with everyone else, and a good percent are paired up with a member of the opposite or same sex. It is hard to tell the exact amount however, because these relationships frequently shift; there are often fights, and what the teenagers refer to as .


Each humanoid SCP will insist on being called a made up nickname in some way pertaining to their power. These monikers are often cheesy, but the SCPs don't seem to notice this and use them with pride. For example, SCP-182's name changed from ████████ █████to Brian Mind, and SCP-693's from ███ █████ to Electro Shock.)


The SCP's morals will either shift firmly to the side of , and Ogre, a handsome blond haired pretty boy (the altered form of 082) who gave into his vicious cannibalism-powered growing abilities, and fled into the wilderness.


The SCP's abilities will become vastly oversimplified, and lose all scientific basis. Often times, the most useful explications will become the full power, and everything else will fade away. There is a focus on defensive and offensive capabilities. In other cases, if the ability is too complex to be useful, it will change almost completely, into something very basic. No abnormalities will exist that only have harmful effects on the owner; every single one seems to be able to be utilized as a weapon or tool. For example, SCP-███, who previously was involved in an incredibly sophisticated interplay between energy, matter, and the environment, simply gained the ability to  as well, that inexplicably were green and sometimes caused people's heads to explode.


Escape rates in non-humanoid SCPs will increase rapidly, and humanoid SCPs will attempt to recapture them.


The changes in reality begin first around the person sitting in 1550 and SCPs in their cells, each one a small pocket of reality that contradicts the rest of the world. But soon, the entire dynamic of The Foundation begins to change. After a week, SCPs will be free to leave their rooms, and wander around, and most requests are granted. Reports will consist of nothing but lists on their likes and dislikes, and inventories of all the cool music and movies they own. Research will be halted because it is inhumane. Class designations will not be how dangerous or hard to contain they are, but simple power levels, with Keter class bragging about their potential and how much better they are than everyone else. These will often be replaced with simple numbers, or categories that indicate how far along they are on the , even though it should be patently impossible.

It is unknown what happens if it would be allowed to progress beyond this, point but it is theorized that it would result in the complete destruction of The Foundation, and the eventual victorious emergence of some kind of benevolent  organization, with SCPs as agents and staff, traveling around the world, fighting crime in a stealth jet.

Addendum 01: 

During a Chaos Insurgency attack on Sector ██, 076's legs were blown off during helping repulse the assault. An agent pulled the SCP and managed to sit him down in a wheelchair that had been pulled out of the closet, so Able could continue fighting.  and then took a rocket to the head. Later tests confirmed the anomalous properties, although Able is unique in the fact that despite the pacifistic mind that is created, he still will attempt to maliciously kick and trip people by grabbing a hold of his pants leg and swinging the disabled limbs at them.

Addendum 02: 



Log 1550-13 

(Three scientists are walking down the hallways with Able on 1550. They briefly meet up with 2 scientists talking to a young girl, who was about to be categorized as SCP-███.)

Scientist:  So welcome to Site 17-

Able:  the school for gifted youngsters.

Scientist 2:  What?

Girl:  Why do I have to be here? Oh, why am I cursed with this-

Able:  You must not think of it that way. With great power comes great responsibility. In time you will learn to control-

Girl:  But my power is that my imaginary friends and whatever else I fantasize about comes alive and turns evil and tortures me in my mind. How is that-

Able:  (continues) You will find here the finest facilities at your service. You are free to go wherever you like and

Scientist 2 and 3:  (they just shake their head whenever the girl looks at them)

Able:  and soon in time, you will meet others of your kind. This is a safe haven for mutants, where you will not be persecuted.

Scientist 1:  (sighs)

Guard 3 : (puts palm to head)

Able:  My name is Professor A, and -

(suddenly, 132 bursts out of her room)

132:  I feel the world's sorrow!

Girl:  Wow, she's cool!

Able:  Yes. Her name is Sorrow. She is one of the select few.. An A-man.

Scientist:  What

Able:  Ah, and here are the quarters of 415. He's a lovable rogue.

415:  Hey, I told you I don't like doctors. Get away from me. (three medical assistants are attempting to look him over)

415:  Back off, bub.

Doctor:  Now, 415

415:  It's Steve. OK. Either Steve or my codename. OK? Got it? Hey. Seriously. Don't come near me! You know I'm going to stab you with one of my claws.

Doctor:  What in God's name are you talking about?

415:  Well look at all these modifications. You don't think they'd give me claws or something?

Doctor:  But why? They were harvesting your organs. What purpose would it serve- ah! He really does have claws!

Doctor:  Jesus, when did he get those?!

Able:  We have quite a motley crew here. But we all love each other like family. (a young Asian girl jumps down from a balcony overhead, and slowly lifts out of a crouch. she is wearing a leather jacket and motorcycle boots)

Scientist:  231!

Able:  You mean Marvel Woman?

Girl:  What's her power, mister?

231:  Well, I can [DATA EXPUNGED]

[DATA EXPUNGED]

[DATA EXPUNGED]

Scientist 2:  (mouth wide open, shocked expression on his face)

231:  I also like shopping.
附加记录：    



(This is a transcript of a conversation between Able and Iris, when someone else besides 076 was sitting in the chair)

Iris:  Hey! Stay away from Alice, Computra, OK?

Able:  You're not the boss of me, Triclops! (he is referring to Iris as Triclops because of a mechanical device strapped on top of her head)

Iris:  She's my girlfriend. Stop trying to butt in-

Able:  Shut your face!

Iris:  You think you can say whatever you want just because you have stubble and sideburns?

Able:  Mutton chops!

Mediating researcher:  I don't want to interrupt, but Able, aren't you incapable of feeling love?

Able:  No I just have a dark past.

Researcher:  Huh?

Able:  I'm generally good at heart. I've had a tough life, though.

Researcher:  I've seen you stab a kid in the face!

Able:  No. I only fight against those who seek to harm me.

Researcher:  You've devastated an entire base with one sword before!

Able:  Must have been under mind control, bub. Used to be in a super soldier program, after all. *chews on cigar*
附加记录：    

                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                telekinetic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            26 May 2020 03:44
            
            Edit
+164)
Tags
Discuss (37)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            CalU Secondary Education Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Psychotronics Division
                      
              Divided, we are One. One, we are All.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            +VOYAGE34+
                      
              Is this trip really necessary?
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Smallworld GIS Wiki
                      
              Help and references for the Smallworld Community
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

