                        




SCP-1217-1, prior to Foundation involvement.



Item #:  SCP-1217

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  A barbed-wire fence with a single gate to allow authorised access is to be maintained in an area surrounding SCP-1217’s active zone, around which several chemical hazard signs are to be placed in clear view. Multiple CCTV cameras are to be set up in a perimeter around SCP-1217’s active zone, monitored by a nearby Observation Post (OP 1217-Alpha). A minimum of two guards are to be present at this station at all times. Any unauthorised individuals attempting to enter SCP-1217 are to be detained, interviewed and – if they present no clear threat – released after being provided with a Class-C amnestic.

Several enclosed rooms near the entrance of SCP-1217-1 have been modified and equipped with observational apparatus to serve as testing chambers – any experimentation involving SCP-1217-2 is to take place only in these designated areas (please refer to Document 1217-A). Subjects should be placed into these chambers, released, and monitored. After the experiment is complete, the refuse is to be removed and disposed of via incineration.

Description:  SCP-1217 consists of two parts:

SCP-1217-1, formerly an office complex owned by the █████████ Corporation, located in [REDACTED], Massachusetts, US. The 250m area surrounding SCP-1217-1 is considered SCP-1217’s active zone.


SCP-1217-2, any member of the species Felis catus which enters SCP-1217’s active zone.


Upon entering the aforementioned area, a specimen of SCP-1217-2 will display no significant behavioural deviations from its previous activity, apart from attempting to remain within the active zone of SCP-1217 and responding aggressively to any attempts to remove it from said area. Removal is still possible; however, successfully removing a subject from the area will not prevent the anomalous event associated with SCP-1217 from occurring.

Fifteen to twenty minutes after entering the area, specimens will begin acting in a notably erratic manner, which typically involves spontaneous pouncing and vocalising. Several minutes following this, subjects will protract their claws and attempt to repeatedly lacerate their underbelly. Shortly after this begins, specimens will (if unimpeded) succeed in disembowelling themselves, despite pain, shock or other associated sensations which would result.

The viscera and blood released from the aforementioned process will invariably form itself into a shape resembling a short, semi-coherent sentence, consisting of English characters. Said messages vary between instances of SCP-1217-2, and possess occasional notable spelling and grammatical errors. The text constituting these sentences largely consists of blood, which will retain this shape if left undisturbed until drying. Extracts of other organs – particularly the colon and intestinal tracts – have been known to fold in such a way to form appropriate letters if cut from the original lacerations, though this is a rare occurrence. Excess tissue does not appear to be affected, and pools normally a short distance away from the remaining substance. The means by which the aforementioned viscera assumes shape of coherent text is currently unknown.

The anomalous properties of SCP-1217 came to the attention of the Foundation on 2005-██-██, when a stray cat entered its active zone before initiating expected behaviour in front of several █████████ employees. The building was then transferred into Foundation possession, relevant witnesses were administered Class-B amnestics and a cover-story regarding the discovery and continued removal of asbestos within the building was released.

Excerpt from Document 1217-B:  Note: The following are copied as accurately as possible from the original text, produced as a result of successive tests. For an extensive log of all messages produced, please refer to the relevant documentation.

Test ██



Is thsi it?
附加记录：    

Test ██



why can't it?
附加记录：    

Test ██



Can I play too?
附加记录：    

+1217-1

-Close


Between Tests 13 and 19, the text produced by SCP-1217 began deviating significantly from its previously established pattern, as follows:

Test 12



what happens nuw?
附加记录：    

Test 13



I’m sick of this.
附加记录：    

Test 14



I’m sick of making them talk.
附加记录：    

Test 15



I want to stop for now.
附加记录：    

Test 16



Stop it.
附加记录：    

Test 17



STOP
附加记录：    

Test 18



STOP
附加记录：    

Test 19



STOP
附加记录：    

Shortly after this, Dr. ███████ requested an extended reprieve from experimentation, which was approved by O5-█. Testing was stopped between 20██-04-██ and 20██-07-██, at which point it was resumed. The resulting text appears to be consistent with the usual pattern of that produced by SCP-1217:

Test 20



i’m so sorry.
附加记录：    

Test 21



it's all lost he htaes us.
附加记录：    

Test 22



let us go.
附加记录：    










                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Mar 2020 13:21
            
            Edit
+86)
Tags
Discuss (29)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Philosophia UAM
                      
              Wiki studentów filozofii UAM
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            EIME Projects
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Porphyra Roleplaying Game
                      
              Always a Work-In-Progress
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CycloDS Revolution
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

