                        


Item #:  SCP-118-J

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-118-J is to be contained at Site 19 until further notice by allowing him to work with whatever it is that SCP-118-J does around here anyway. SCP-118-J can be assigned further research duties, but prolonged interaction may cause individuals to exceed their daily sodium intake. It is not advised to agitate SCP-118-J, as it causes SCP-118-J to grow in size.

In the event of an explosive outburst, Foundation personnel are advised to tell SCP-118-J to chill, and remind them of their condition, through an interrogative statement.

Description:  SCP-118-J is formerly Foundation Researcher Doctor Michael Magnus, who was transformed into a substantial quantity of common table salt after an unfortunate incident in the Site 19 cafeteria.

After this incident SCP-118-J has become a giant pile of salt, with a labcoat, and a pair of glasses in there somewhere. SCP-118-J is still able to perform his research duties for the Foundation, though the amount of salt he emits while doing so is staggering. Salt emissions have been observed to increase around payday, and after sporting events involving the Pittsburgh Steelers American football team.

SCP-118-J has been observed to increase in the total volume of salt when agitated or corrected. As such it is recommended to try and keep SCP-118-J calm. Failure to do so may endanger your cardiovascular health.

Researcher Kensington observed the transformation of Dr. Magnus on November 17th, 2004 after he became agitated, and  (hereafter referred to as CONDITION-POSTERIOR-DAMAGED) during their shared lunch break.

At this time, there's no known cure for SCP-118-J's condition, and will most likely remain a giant pile of salt until he dies.

Dr. Magnus' note: 

Get fucked Kensington, you took that last plate of Carbonara, when you knew I wanted it, and that doesn't make me , you giant chode. Stop posting this shit to the database, they're already murdering my inbox because of this.

AddendumNaCl

(NH₄)₂Cr₂O₇


Addendum NaCl:  On February 6, 2011, there was a major breach event which concluded with SCP-118-J entering CONDITION-POSTERIOR-DAMAGED at approximately 10

Researcher Kensington was observed to then hold out his hand, and demand restitution for some form of pre-arranged bet. Doctor Magnus was observed to be a total dick, and welch.

It is unknown at this time whether his inability to pay up is due to his condition as SCP-118-J, or if he's just that much of a baby.




AddendumK2Cr2O7

Co(NO3)2·6H2O


Addendum K2Cr2O7:  On June 27, 2015, after losing a round of the video game  to Researcher Kensington, SCP-118-J was inquired as to his emotional state, while implying fraternal relation.

This immediately caused a CONDITION-POSTERIOR-DAMAGED, which lead to unprecedented ambient salt levels in the immediate vicinity.

Due to the amount of damage caused to Researcher Ken's totally sweet rig that he spent like three grand on, over a game of Nidhogg for fuck's sake, it's recommended at this time to never inquire of SCP-118-J's emotional state, or familial fraternal relation. Because he can't take a goddamned joke, and is like seven thousand years old and doesn't recognize a meme.

Dr. Magnus' note: 

Get fucking bent, you cheated.




AddendumC4H6BNaO3S

NaHCO3


Addendum C4H6BNaO3S: 

On December 25th, 2015, Researcher Kensington participated in the Site 19  exchange, having recieved SCP-118-J's given name.

As part of the tradition, Researcher Kensington purchased an ornate salt shaker for SCP-118-J, feeling he would appreciate a joke, and have somewhere decorative to store some of his salt.

Researcher Kensington underestimated SCP-118-J's inability to take a joke, and SCP-118-J entered CONDITION-POSTERIOR-DAMAGED as usual.

Such was the magnitude of SCP-118-J's saltiness, that other Research Staff around him were affected as well. No less than ██ research staff were transformed into huge piles of salt, as a result of SCP-118-J's shitty mood, and the general consensus was that SCP-118-J ruined the office Christmas party with his inability to take a joke.

Dr Magnus' Note: 

Kensington, you irredeemable fuckwad.  my dick. I didn't ruin shit, AND DELETE THIS GODDAMNED DATABASE ENTRY.




                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                stone
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Apr 2018 06:49
            
            Edit
+195)
Tags
Discuss (27)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Radiohub
                      
              Lossless Radiohead Hub Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Oracle Database
                      
              All things oracle...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            final fantasy XIV wiki encyclopédie en français
                      
              FFXIV final fantasy XIV 14 fr wiki FF14 français
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Insurrection du Chaos
                      
              Branche Francophone.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

