                        



NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDKEEPING AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION.

This is an automated message re: SCP-4656. Due to its anomalous effects, all personnel receiving this message must confirm its receipt to ensure SCP-4656’s continued containment. In accordance with the Special Containment Procedures, some segments are highlighted in blue for your convenience.

Thank you for your cooperation.




Item #:  SCP-4656

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  This document will be sent to all Foundation personnel with Level 2 Clearance or higher by email every week. Personnel should then (re)read the document to reinforce the mnemonic device used to contain SCP-4656: there is no connection. Any information about SCP-4656 must be rendered as plainly as possible while still keeping with the standard format. Due to its otherwise self-containing nature, knowledge of SCP-4656 and its properties is harmless and available to any relevant personnel.

However, Foundation webcrawlers are to monitor any academic communities for instances of SCP-4656-2 or other signs of infection. Any individuals found in the infection’s early stages are to be passively observed. Any groups displaying widespread infection will be infiltrated by Mobile Task Force Delta-6 (“Grifters”) and disbanded from the inside. Methods of doing so may even include defaming SCP-4656-1 instances or their work. If any SCP-4656-1 instances reach Stage 4 or 5 anyway, personnel may directly interfere to prevent them from progressing to Stage 6. This may even include directly informing instances that the connections do not exist.

Should Stage 6 occur, containment personnel must use all available measures to prevent its completion, including lethal force. During this time, SCP-4656’s assigned Senior Containment Specialist must identify the foci of the SCP-4656-1 instance(s) and gather as much information about them as possible. They must then take copies of this information to the nearest Metaphysical Isolation Chamber in case of failure to prevent the completion of Stage 6. This is to prevent the nonexistent connections from affecting anything critical.

If Stage 6 completes, then the resulting damage to reality must be repaired using the preserved information. In the case of Stage 6a, little further action is necessary. Since the connections do not exist, SCP-4656 relation to the damaged concepts can be exploited to recontain it. In the case of Stage 6b, the acting Senior Containment Specialist will meet with the O5 Council to decide the next course of action about any damaged/erased concepts. This is to ensure that the imperative justifies the heavy use of Foundation resources necessary to repair such damage.

Only individuals who have a known proficiency in mathematics may conduct testing involving SCP-4656. This is to both control the resulting effects of Stage 6a and to reduce the chances of an unintentional Stage 6b. Currently, the Department of Analysis is the group managing potential candidates. All questions regarding SCP-4656 and its applications should be directed to either them or the onsite RAISA liaison.

Personnel not involved with testing are to be thoroughly reminded that connections that do not exist will be dealt with on a case-by-case basis.

Any mention of The Sefirot Guild outside of internal Foundation documentation should be reported immediately to O5-10.

Description:  SCP-4656 is an abstract concept that exhibits an anti-infohazardous effect.it cannot establish real connections. There are no connections.

However, systems based off SCP-4656 always return evidence of connections. Further, once a sentient mind contains SCP-4656, it alters the behavior of the affected subject (hereafter referred to as SCP-4656-1) to account for this information. Their attempts to actualize this concept (the resultant systems designated SCP-4656-2) and display it to others is what propagates SCP-4656.

The spread of SCP-4656 occurs through the following mechanism:

there is no connection. If the concept does not take root in the subject's mind, then they will remain unaffected.


2 This awareness also denotes their conversion into SCP-4656-1. In this stage, they will fixate upon several entities, typically ones holding personal significance, and record any instances of the noted trend.


4 Depending on the complexity of SCP-4656-2, Stage 3’s duration may vary widely. Past durations have taken anywhere from 30 minutes to 7 years.


the connections do not exist.


the connections they made do not exist. The instance's behavior then gradually returns to normal as SCP-4656 fades from their mind. If they continue this endeavor, however, they will become more and more devoted to relaying SCP-4656-2. This will lead to one of two possible outcomes.


5 This corrupts the framework of the created SCP-4656-2 and retroactively alters its nature. The nonsensical operations become those that are rational in order to resolve the ontological paradox. Thus, reality itself changes to match the rational version of SCP-4656-2, which is by default a CK-Class Reality Restructuring Scenario.


their nonexistence. Since the metaphysical framework of the system is already unstable, the conceptual bulk of SCP-4656-2 collapses altogether. All information about entities observed through it fuses with the information of SCP-4656, virtually erasing them from existence. The only known method of salvage/reification is manually remaking the entity using preserved information. Preservation of information has been achieved in the past through metaphysical isolation (storage in alternate dimensions, alternate universes, Scranton boxes, etc.).


That method of storage, while exorbitant, is absolutely necessary to see the results of any alterations. For example, an instance of SCP-4656-2 created during testing uses through the following steps:

Taking the square root of a truck symbol multiplied by 4(lm)


The value of the previous step being divided by a lamp symbol


Adding a heart symbol to the result of the previous two steps


This series of calculations would equal the Foundation’s insignia. At this stage, no alarm was raised as the connection did not yet exist. However, after the SCP-4656-1 instance was able to define the symbols (thus completing Stage 6a), the equation was found to correspond to a Foundation front company. This company – Sconces, Candelabras, and Photography – is a widespread chain store that offers electrical and lighting equipment.

All of the variables can be made constant by taking measurements on a unit sold by the company. The truck symbol refers to the distribution of a unit sold by the company and its distance from the store. The lamp symbol refers to the composition and dimensions of the unit. The heart symbol refers to the satisfaction of the customer. For clarification, these values were undefined before the completion of Stage 6a. Before then, the equation literally operated on the objects that the symbols represented. As such, there was no connection.

The meaning of this was unknown until the Senior Containment Specialist exited the Chamber after testing had concluded. Their compiled records showed that the lamp in question was originally purchased from a mundane lighting equipment manufacturer. Further, they showed no existence of Sconces, Candelabras, and Photography before the testing session. This was especially concerning due to its well-recorded existence since 1956 and high number of customers.

The Department of Analysis conducted an investigation as part of testing protocol. Notably, they discovered that any appliance sold by the company demonstrated a passive anomalous effect. Exposure to an appliance's light instills a subconscious alignment with the Foundation's directives. As a result, locations with high concentrations of the company's products were found to have faster item recovery and cover-up times due to the civilians’ unconscious cooperation.

No special plans to exploit the connection that shouldn't exist have yet been made, although they have been considered.

Addendum 1:  Discovery

SCP-4656 was discovered after a routine sweep of Site-01’s archival servers. Due to their isolated nature, personnel stationed on-site were able to observe a possible discrepancy. Further examination showed that the existence of a Group of Interest known as The Sefirot Guild had been erased from all other records.

Based on information lingering in Site-01, The Sefirot Guild was a group of occult mathematicians. Their ‘guild’ was devoted to a modification of Gnostic teachings. These teachings stated that numbers hold the truest significance over all other things. Further, they held that through numbers, anything could be divined. They even believed that the nonexistent could be charted.

Members would show this belief through ritually developing mathematical proofs stating the validity of such practices. According to remaining records, they made heavy use of equations indicative of SCP-4656-2. This would explain their relative obscurity before their erasure. The nonsensical connections they made would likely have kept them from being perceived as credible.

In an effort to ascertain what it was that they did, SCP-4656 itself was discovered. Through analysis of their last recorded communications, it was determined that their usage of SCP-4656-2 was the cause of their erasure. Currently, it is theorized that The Sefirot Guild had attempted to use SCP-4656-2 on other instances of SCP-4656-2. In doing so, they ‘stacked’ the paradoxical nature of SCP-4656-2 on top of itself. The resulting completion of Stage 6b erased them from existence instead of what they observed.

After observing the fate of The Sefirot Guild, SCP-4656’s true nature was established. Projections suggest that even one uncontrolled Stage 6b could result in either an OK-Class Metaphysical Collapse Scenario or a ZK-Class Reality Failure Scenario.

Therefore, it is imperative that you remember that there is no connection. 



ClickReceipt.

ReceiptComplete.




Thank you for your cooperation, and remember:

There is no connection.

Secure. Contain. Protect.
附加记录：    





Footnotes
1. An anti-infohazard is a rare kind of information-based anomaly that functions through non-awareness. Whereas a normal infohazard manifests itself by knowledge of or references to its locus endangering subjects, an anti-infohazard manifests itself by lack of knowledge endangering subjects.
2. Currently, the reason for this is unknown.
(nonexistent) connections established will never be less than four. Thus, it seems that the maximum number of similarities that may exist in a system before SCP-4656 may be applied is three. The reason for this is also unknown.
4. Notable examples include raising 'meals that remind you of home' to exponential powers, multiplying imaginary numbers by 'the color black', and taking the square root of 'Former Vice President Joe Biden'.
5. A term defined as two distinct concepts losing cohesion and adopting traits of each other.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 22:28
            
            Edit
+82)
Tags
Discuss (16)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Killing Floor Map Database
                      
              KFMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Puppet中文wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Employment Network of SB
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

