                        


Item #:  SCP-363

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-363 specimens are contained in a 2m room that is to be constantly illuminated by high-powered lighting. This lighting must be connected to multiple redundant power sources, and in case of total system failure, Mobile Task Force Eta-Seven is to be dispatched to assess the threat.

SCP-363 is to be fed twenty (20) lab mice, administered once every forty-eight (48) hours.

Description:  Ostensibly, SCP-363 are identical to Scolopendra gigantea, or the Amazonian giant centipede. Dietary needs are identical, and DNA inspection has proven no dissimilarities to normal S. gigantea.

SCP-363 is, under normal circumstances, the appropriate size for S. gigantea. In darkness, (darkness defined here as any level of light under 2 lux) which it actively seeks out, however, SCP-363 will grow rapidly and erratically, to sizes up to and exceeding 10m. SCP-363 does not retain the form of a centipede under these conditions. So far, reports have documented: proboscises, tentacles, highly elongated mandibles, an inconsistent number of eyes and legs, and, in one case, [DATA EXPUNGED]. SCP-363 will revert back to normal size and appearance after 2-3 hours of illumination of a level of at least 50 lux.

SCP-363 will attack any animal emitting body heat, and appears to be able to detect and hunt in total darkness. It is assumed it uses other senses to hunt, with vision in a secondary position.

Reproductive cycle of SCP-363 is similar to that of normal S. gigantea, with one difference. Rather than in a cluster of leaves and dirt, eggs are laid and fertilized in the █████ cavity of paralyzed [DATA EXPUNGED], followed by death.

Addendum 1:  Note from Dr. Skalder: We've determined that fire seems to scare or ward off SCP-363. In light of this, we have equipped three of the members of MTF Eta-Seven, , with military-issue M2A1-7 flamethrowers.

Addendum 2:  Incident report of breach.



Document# 363-Alpha: Breach 1 

Personnel involved:  MTF-Eta-7

Date: 21-5-2003

Location: Site-██

Description: Attempted retrieval of SCP-363 specimen during power failure/containment breach.



MTF Eta-7 Commander Johnson:  Perts, any word from Technical on (distortion) cameras?

Contactsman Perts:  No dice, commander. Complete equipment failure throughout the sector.

C. Johnson:  Alright. Night-vision on, motion-sensors go. Fredmann, McShaugn, Aidelare, report to rendezvous point.

Lieutenant McShaugn:  Copy that, commander. Sub-team Hornet coming in, over.

C. Johnson:  Sub-team Wasp, come in.

(Radio silence)

C. Johnson:  Wasp, do you copy? Over.

Unknown:  (Shouting) Jesus Christ almighty, torch that ███████- (signal cuts out)

C. Johnson:  Damn it. O'Denn? O'Denn, can you hear me? What is your position? Over.

Lieutenant O'Denn:  Outside of Lab 8. We found it, sir. It's holed up in there. It got De Aunaign. Over.

C. Johnson:  Casualty?

L. O'Denn:  Mangled leg, sir. We scared the ██████ in there with the flamethrower, don't think it's coming out. Are they fixing the power yet? Over.

C. Johnson:  Forget about that, O'Denn. Tell Von Hower to keep his flamer trained on the door. Hornet, can you hear me? Over.

L. McShaugn:  Loud and clear, sir.

C. Johnson:  Forget the rendezvous. Relocate to Lab 8, don't engage yet. Copy?

L. McShaugn:  Going (interrupted by loud noise) ████ my grandmother! What was that?! Aidelare, do you see anything?! Over!

Flamer Aidelare:  (Extensive swearing) There's another one of those ███████ in here! Second containment breach, commander!

C. Johnson:  Has it seen you? Over.

F. Aidelare:  I don't reckon, sir.

C. Johnson:  Good. Try to keep it that way. Perts, how many of those things did they keep in here?

C.M Perts:  (Relays question to contact.) Eight, sir.

C. Johnson:  Good God. Okay, tell 'em .

C.M Perts:  They uh, they can't, sir.

C. Johnson:  Why the ████ not, Perts?

[DATA EXPUNGED]

L. O'Denn:  So we're all ██████ three days from Sunday. Good to know. Orders, commander?

C. Johnson:  ████ 'em all and burn it down, O'Denn. Tell Von Hower and Aidelare to set fire to Lab 8, then split up and do a sweep of the area. Neutralize all hostile centipede █████████████.

L. O'Denn:  Copy that.

C. Johnson:  Perts, still no contact with Blackfly?

C.M Perts:  Blackfly, report in.

(Radio silence)

C.M Perts:  No Blackfly.

C. Johnson:  I gathered, Perts. Alright, O'Denn, status repo-

Unknown:  (Gasping, groaning)

C. Johnson:  Thewho's that? Identify.

Unknown:  Flamer Tell, sir.

C. Johnson:  What is your status, Tell? What of Blackfly? Over.

F. Tell:  dead. Everyone.

C. Johnson:  Repeat that, Tell?

F. Tell:  (screaming) We're all ███████ dead down here, commander! I saw one of them

C. Johnson:  Calm down, Tell, for God's sake. What's your personal status?

F. Tell:  They're on my legs

(Radio silence)

F. Tell:  I feel something

C. Johnson:  Tell. Self-terminate. That's an order. I'm sorry.

F. Tell:  (Unintelligible)

C. Johnson:  God damn it, Tell! Do you copy?! Immediate self-termination!

F. Tell:  (Warped voice) The flesh is like milk to us.

C. Johnson:  What the hell are you saying, Tell?

F. Tell:  We are one.

C. Johnson:  I think he's gone crazy.

F. Tell:  One is all. (Cracking noises)

C. Johnson:  Wasp, Hornet. Come in.

(Radio Silence)

C. Johnson:  Wasp, Hornet. Come in, damn it.

L. O’Denn:  (Same warped voice as documented with Flamer Tell) We are here. There are many.

C. Johnson:  Perts? Tell command we’re evacuating the premises. Mission failure.

C.M Perts:  Sir, yes sir.

C. Johnson:  Air strike and full bombardment once we’re out. No - (interrupted by crashing sound) Jesus Christ, what-

(tearing sounds)

(Five minutes of radio silence, C. Johnson presumed dead)

Unknown individual, presumed C.M Perts:  Hear, o Israel. Y-H-W-H is our God, Y-H-W-H alone.

(Gunshot)



Post-script:  Site-██ fire-bombed. Several undamaged and fertilized SCP-363 eggs retrieved. Contained. All members of MTF Eta-7 presumed dead. New team established. - O5-█
附加记录：    

Addendum 3:  Interview



Interviewed:  Janitor ███ █████

Interviewer:  [DATA EXPUNGED], referred to as “I.”

Foreword:  Interview conducted after █████ professed to a possible SCP-sighting after firebombing of Site-██.

 

I. : Hello, ███. Please sit down. Thank you, now, you said you saw “something” after the firebombing. Care to expand on that?

███: It waswell, one of those guys from the MTF you had stationed there. Eta-7. One of those guys, yeah.

I. : Do you know his name, perchance?

███: Yeah, yeah, I talked to him once. That guy, ███████ Tell. One of the flamers.

I. : Are you sure it was him?

███: (Short silence) No. No, I ain’t sure. It

I. : Continue.

███: These thingshe laughed. I think he did, anyway.

I. : And then?

███: Hehe ran away.

I. : Thank you.

 
附加记录：    

Addendum 4 



Security Level 4 



Announcement:  Signal of standard MTF anti-defection tracker located [DATA EXPUNGED], eighteen miles away from Site-██. Signal associated with ███████ Tell. Tracking procedure initialized. Infection risk to be negated at all costs. -O5-█
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            10 Jul 2018 13:07
            
            Edit
+281)
Tags
Discuss (60)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            VyprMedia
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Employment Network of SB
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            .
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Oblivion Reloaded :: UO Shard
                      
              oblivion reloaded shard
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

