                        



Item #:  SCP-1001

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1001 is to be kept at Bio Site-103, in a greenhouse reinforced as per Dangerous Organisms Protocol 12A. It is to remain rooted in the soil core, 9m deep, in which it was removed from the site of discovery. It is to be watered and fertilized sporadically, as detailed in Document 1001-2. No object capable of producing hazardous sound (sonic weaponry, audio-based memetic effects, high-decibel infrasound, etc.) is permitted within hearing distance of Bio Site-103.

The object is to be fed 20kg of Nutritional Supplement 1001-R-8 once monthly. The precise formula for Nutritional Supplement 1001-R-8 is detailed in Document 1001-2, but it bears repeating that the supplement’s protein content is not to be less than 40% by mass, and that all protein is to derive from pigs, dogs, or comparably-intelligent species. These guidelines may be altered as necessary when testing requires that SCP-1001 be hungry.

Bones, horns, and other hard tissues are never to be provided except as part of duly-supervised tests. All tests involving provision of hard tissue are to be preapproved by both Dr. Glastonbury and the current Security Director of Site-103.

Description:  SCP-1001 is a single plant apparently belonging to an undescribed species of Welwitschia. Unlike other Welwitschia species, it has a tree-like trunk which broadens into a woody taproot 180m long, lined with barbed prickles, and capable of secreting a sticky pitch-like resin, and which are capable of motion with considerable dexterity and strength. SCP-1001 is geographically disjunct from its known relatives, having been found in the Andean high desert near ██████, Peru.

SCP-1001’s trunk and taproot are hollow, opening to a rounded aperture at its apex, and filled with a highly caustic solution of hydrochloric acid and digestive enzymes comparable to those found in the pitchers of Nepenthes spp. This solution is capable of reducing 50kg of soft animal tissue to a thin slurry within 20 minutes of submersion.

While it is capable of photosynthesis, SCP-1001’s leaves are singularly inefficient, producing only approximately 50% of the plant’s caloric requirements. Likewise, its roots are unusually ineffective at uptake of organic and mineral nutrients. To mitigate this deficiency, SCP-1001 is an obligate carnivore: it uses its prehensile leaves to capture passing prey and pull it into the central cavity, where it is digested.

SCP-1001’s intelligence is highly debatable. Its basic hunting tactics resemble those of Paralichthys spp. (flounders): it buries its longest leaves in the sand and waits for a sufficiently large animal (at least 40kg) to pass by, whereupon it emerges suddenly and captures the passing prey. When this tactic does not produce results sufficiently quickly, however, SCP-1001 resorts to sophisticated audio mimicry. It is capable of reproducing literally any sound it has ever been exposed to, as well as recombining “known” sounds into novel phrases. It has been observed using the latter capacity to lure human prey, speaking in the voices of other humans known to the prey subject. Its means of sound production are unknown.

Also interesting are SCP-1001’s prey preferences: it prefers to consume intelligent animals, especially those capable of tool use or of building artificial structures. Humans are always its preferred prey, but in their absence it has accepted primates, dogs, parrots, pigs, beavers, ants, and nest-building birds. Note that many of these species fall well below its usual size threshold, some to such a degree that capturing and digesting them produces a net energy loss. Its method of detecting intelligence is unknown but apparently not based on experience, since it has attacked squid and small dolphins with eagerness comparable to its attacks on humans and Andean monkeys.

SCP-1001 is incapable of digesting hard tissues completely: the bones of its prey are gradually excreted through channels near the top edges of the caudex. Once excreted, these bones are invariably picked up with one of the object’s leaves and moved to a location on or beneath the soil surface surrounding SCP-1001. The object arranges the bones in complex patterns which are demonstrably useless for water capture and, being primarily subterranean, do not aid in attracting prey. Their resemblance to the ███ █████ █████ Nazca [DATA REDACTED] and the devotional mandalas of SCP-[DATA REDACTED] have led Dr. Glastonbury to hypothesize that they may be representational or even [DATA REDACTED] anomalous effects.

At the time of its discovery by the SCP Foundation in 18██, SCP-1001 was located at the center of a roughly-circular bone pattern 18 correct placement would be rewarded either with an unspecified gift or a longer reprieve before the next required sacrifice. Oral histories state the ritual to have been originally demanded by the tree itself, [DATA REDACTED] “spoke in the voice of our [DATA REDACTED].







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            28 Jan 2020 20:17
            
            Edit
+112)
Tags
Discuss (60)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Digital Vomit Records
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Design  Illustration
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Borradores SCP-ES
                      
              Sitio de borradores para miembros de la Fundación SCP-ES
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

