                        


Item #:  SCP-1081

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  The two iterations of SCP-1081 currently in Foundation possession are to be kept in an insulated, lead-lined containment locker in Storage Unit 13 at Site 38. Except for experimental purposes, SCP-1081 is never to be exposed to electric current under any circumstances for fear of accidental activation. SCP-1081 is never to be removed from its containment locker except by D-class personnel with noise-canceling headphones active at all times.

Description:  SCP-1081-1 and-2 are identical copies of a black audio projection unit in the approximate shape of a small humanoid, 30 Though the power requirements of the device are different from any currently known standard, Foundation researchers were able to build an adapter to power the device at █.█ V and ██ A. Similarly, trial and error allowed for the development of input adapters for experimental purposes.

SCP-1081 is capable of projecting sound at ██ dB during normal use. The speakers will behave normally (though at somewhat subpar quality standards) during testing of any function other than  When the switch is set to SHUTDOWN, the speaker will emit a high-pitched squeal for approximately ten seconds (a sound described by researchers as being similar to a boatswain's whistle), followed by a voice speaking in an unknown language composed of Greek and Latin words with a syntax and grammatical structure similar to Cherokee. An approximate translation of the speech follows:



thought-provoking? talking, expressing] or otherwise disturbing the players for the duration of the performance. Thank you for your [cooperation, obedience].
附加记录：    

The whistle and message will be projected at ███ dB. After this message, subjects exposed to the sound will find themselves completely unable to speak or communicate via nonverbal means (such as through sign language). Medical analysis of affected subjects indicates complete functionality of vocal cords and other non-neurological speech-related systems. However, neurological analysis indicates that the subject is afflicted with a particularly extreme case of Broca's aphasia, rendering them capable of conceiving of speech but unable to express such thoughts through verbal or other means. Standard noise-canceling headphones can block out enough of the sound to disable its effect; current research suggests it was designed with this in mind. Setting the speaker to REACTIVATE will cause a different message to be played:



Thank you for your consideration during this performance by Alexylva University's Merry Integrator's Player Company! The show is now at a conclusion.
附加记录：    

followed by a similar whistle sound. Subjects hearing the second message will experience a reversal of their aphasia symptoms if exposed quickly. However, if the aphasia is allowed to remain in place for longer than approximately twenty-four hours, the subject will be immune to the second message and the aphasia is permanent. Moreover, affected subjects after this point will develop deep clinical depression and will frequently attempt suicide within the week; this is believed to be a standard reaction to such a sudden change in one's ability to communicate, rather than a secondary effect. Experimentation has determined that audio recordings of the respective sounds have no abnormal effects; only sounds emitted from SCP-1081 transmit their properties to human subjects.

When not exposed to power, SCP-1081 will remain inert except when SHUTDOWN or REACTIVATE are selected. The speakers appear to be capable of producing those two sounds regardless of any external power supply. The devices either possess internal batteries or are capable of drawing electrical power via indirect means from the room around them. Containment is designed to block any possible conduit for electrical transmission to SCP-1081.

Addendum 1081-A: Recovery Report  SCP-1081-1 was found in a soybean field outside [REDACTED], Tennessee on 07/18/0█. The object was accompanied by a basic invoice in a standard shipping container, destination marked as  when translated, the note approximately read:



Aggi,

We have been doing business for a long time, as you are well aware. I swear on the graves of my forefathers that the previous shipment was completed satisfactorily on my end. I have no idea what could have happened We both know the [rumors? tales?], Aggi. Look at your own people before you blame us. This isn't the first time something has  heading in your direction. Barca Magnus alone knows where the [objects? artifacts?] are going, unless your [natural philosophers?] are more precise than is presently believed.

Threats and [recriminations?] are unnecessary.

[illegible]
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            17 Oct 2019 01:26
            
            Edit
+123)
Tags
Discuss (27)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Emchina2010
                      
              Trip to China 2010 Groep T
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Computational Genetics Project
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RPC Authority
                      
              Research, Protection, Containment
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Autocratic Country Of Jayland
                      
              MementoMori
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

