                        







Item #:  SCP-3015

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3015 is kept in an anomalous item cell at GoI-5869 () is obtained. Mobile Task Forces and other personnel are instructed to apprehend and interview any members, anomalies, and/or information related to Gamers Against Weed.

Description:  SCP-3015 is a non-sentient humanoid construct that does not match any known individual from missing person databases. It is not capable of movement, sound, or automation until its activation phrase is spoken in a 20m radius around it. A handwritten document, Document 3015-E, can be found in the right jeans pocket of SCP-3015, consistent with other Gamers Against Weed anomalies of a similar nature.

When the activation phrase,  circulation injuries, pressure bruises, temporal dislocation, and hairline fractures.

Addendum:  Documents 3015-A through D were recovered from a desktop left at the safehouse. Most programs and documentation are presumed to have been erased. All documentation is most likely written by PoI-6877 () Recovered Documentation.

Document 3015-A: 



Yeah kkrule, I know; of course it's not a Mister. That would be wild as fuck, but no. I didn't it find it too funny anyhow. I'm almost never on at the same time as you but if I were, I would have probably told you it sucked, but that's only because I'm bitter you did Bernie first.

I guess I'm just a bit ticked you know. But it's fine, no reason why I just can't finish Bernie anyway. Find a soul and everything for this sexy fucking dude. I wanted to make this dude have others disappear up their own asses, but the more I think about it, the more I realize that's actually kinda fucked. So what am I even supposed to do? I got an old man who's a stud with nothing occupying his actual being. It's just standing here all weird. Whatever.

[Why am I even writing you a PM when I don't even know you? You're not really a buddy, just some memester, so fuck me I guess.]3

So basically; no, I'm not sending you him, but I'll show him off in the chat.
附加记录：    

Document 3015-B: 



Hey Jude. I know we were talking about that idea for Bernie, and I'm ditching that whole  thing. What if people go up his ass instead? That's way funnier and still gross but at least no one's getting hurt, I guess? I still need your help with that, if you're able to swing it.

I'm still sort of annoyed that I can't come up with anything else for this. Fuck me, did kkrule just take my goddamn ideas too while he was at it? Even his name is just pissing me off every time I see him brought up in chat. It's definitely an irrational thing, which is 100% why I'm wallowing in it. Considering just letting Mr. Bernie Sanders be without some dude's soul. It's funnier that way, actually. Imagine this for me; you say the thing, and he turns around. Then he just opens up his asshole and reveals a location to Bumfucknowhere, Tolerant Left State. FUCK DUDE. The epitome of comedy. Gog. (Another finely-aged, impeccable meme.)

I think this is gonna be my only involvement with the whole Misters joke when we finish it up anyway.  I said, innuendo fully intended. And then. Shit. I don't hate kkrule even, I just sort of hate myself for not thinking of it first?

Whatever, you don't need to listen to me dump shit on you. Here's a picture of good old Bernie; I think I'm done toying around with his look. A car drove by, and they probably thought this dude standing perfectly still was my dad. No one else drove by at least, because almost no one else bothers to drive down this road. I'll be so fucking happy to move out of here, you have no idea. At least it's not Rich White Guy Asshole Island Martha's Vineyard.

I got the house by the way, just in case. How lucky was I? Same as usual. It was perfect timing, also as usual, as I got word from 4 So I'd advise being prepared to bolt if things go to shit. Cim will set you up; he's moving stuff in right now as we speak.

I'll be moving soon, I think. I grew up in this place most of all my life, and I'm sick of it. Time to be a loner elsewhere. Might not be on chat for a few days; I'll probably chill in the Library until L_G is able to clear enough of her place out for me to chill while I find a new place. Need to lay low anyway. The sooner I get out of here, the better. Bernie can be my last connection to this town. Hasta la vista, assholes.
附加记录：    

Document 3015-C: 



P.S. Here's your early birthday present. Not mine, but it's the sentiment that counts.

hear is the lick
附加记录：    

Document 3015-D: 



So the safehouse is mostly cleaned out. I sent you Bernie, and now I'm gonna drop out for a bit in case the jailers somehow manage to find it first and see I sent it. It's cool; they won't know I sent it to you. For real though, I want you to imagine some poor Foundation guy testing to see how many ways he can climb up an asshole while his asshole friend goes off solving world crime and magic mysteries. I know you literally, for real, absolutely, 9001% never smile, which is also the reason why I'm sending you him. So you can imagine that happening and crack one.

I think you'd dig the Library though; that sort of magic shit is right up your alley. I'm just there because it's convenient. And books too, I guess? When we meet up again I'll let you know how to join the magic club.

While I'm typing out this shit and sending you a PM instead of just, you know, calling you, I should bitch a bit. Sometimes you feel like you don't quite fit into a group, you know? It's fucked, and I know this is to reorient myself and be chill and fine, the cool-ass dude in the group, but something's fucked with me that I'm not having as much fun with everyone. I thrive on that online social interaction but I didn't even get online all of yesterday. I consider uninstalling everything and just being a hermit; knowing how the Wise Karmic Gods That Rule Over The Entire Universe work, that'd work out wonderfully for me, which is why I don't do it. Fuck, too bare too quickly. Pulling out.

Let me know what goes on in chat. If anyone asks, I'm a Juggalo monk now. See you when your house is clear, gaylord.
附加记录：    

Document 3015-E: 



Holy Heck!  Here's the joke; Mr. Bernie Sanders by Gamers Against Weed! We already did the other Bernie thing, so fuck it, here you go. If you're gonna barge in there anyway, you might as well just not make a mess. Who is Dr. Wondertainment?

Find them all and become Mr. Gamer!

01. Mr. Literal Serial Killer

02. Mr. Normie

03. Mr. Bernie Sanders (✔??)

04. Mr. Get Anything For Free In Any Shop

20. Mr. Sex Number

21. Mr. Heavenly Virtues

22. Mr. Deadly Sins

23. Mr. Original Character

24. Mr. D.A.R.E.

25. Mrs. Gentrification

26. Mr. Mad About Video Games

27. Mr. Meme

28. Mr. Ominous (discontinued)

29. Mr. Destiny

30. Mr. Monty Python And The Holy Grail

31. Ms. Zapatista

32. Mr. Hax

33. Mr. Just Has The Tattoo

34. Mr. Top Text and Mr. Bottom Text

35. Mr. Finale
附加记录：    

Document 3015-F: 



Video transcript recovered 02/12/17. Video titled goddamnyouvine.avi.

0:00:  [Shot of an open field, location unknown. Speaker hidden behind camera, presumably a cell phone recording. Speaker coughs and talks in a subdued voice.] Let's test this one, boys. Ahem.

0:03:  

0:04:  [Speaker is instantly transported to the safehouse.] Nice, now L_G gets to see his ass.

0:06:  [Speaker's voice is raised with excitement, though still at the same volume.] Just my luck.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Currently, only AO-███, AO-███, and SCP-████ are contained there due to their anomalous properties.
2. Some similar phrases, such as .
3. This was not included in the original message sent, as shown by a document's revision history.
two months prior on 02/12/17.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                wanderers-library
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            18 Sep 2020 16:19
            
            Edit
+82)
Tags
Discuss (59)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Covid-19: Πως επηρεάστηκε η καθημερινότητά μας.
                      
              Εξ αποστάσεως εκπαίδευση
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Jakeopod Wiki
                      
              All things Jakeopod
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Alfamedia
                      
              Alfabetización mediática para educadores
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Οι συνθήκες ζωής των άστεγων.
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

