                        







Up-to-date photo of SCP-2348.



Item #:  SCP-2348

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Foundation satellites and surface monitoring outposts in the surrounding region will continually monitor SCP-2348. Changes in the anomaly's structure and signs of movement must be reported immediately.

Description:  SCP-2348 is a 0.6km wide cumulus cloud located over the Pacific Ocean (surface coordinates 48°52.6′S 123°23.6′W, hereafter Point 2348), 50km above the surface. The cloud is shaped like a human hand with its fingers splayed, possessing a high level of detail.

Since its discovery, the cloud has not changed structure or moved from its present position. No attempts at causing alterations have succeeded.

Below are other phenomena associated with SCP-2348:

Subjects that observe the anomaly for 5 minutes lose awareness of the existence of other clouds, objects, and phenomena present in the sky. These effects end when observation stops.


Observers in a 60km radius of Point 2348 report a lack of stellar bodies in the night sky. SCP-2348 is often referred to as the only visible star.


60% 85% of clouds that pass directly under SCP-2348 are found to be indistinguishable from SCP-2348, displaying the same anomalous properties. The clouds continue to be indistinguishable until naturally dissipating.


9% of camera equipment operated in a 60km radius of Point 2348 record live views of various clouds. After a minute these clouds invariably vanish. Testing has confirmed that the viewed clouds never existed.


Precipitation in the 60km radius often contains ice crystals forming structures identical to that of the anomaly, though with the index finger pointing. Crystals exposed to water generate cloud-like aerosols; ingestion leads to one becoming indistinguishable from SCP-2348 and subsequent skywards cellular replication.


Several subjects identified SCP-2348 as the sole source of sunlight, moonlight, and starlight. Information on the sky was corrected accordingly.


0.1% of aerial objects that pass directly under SCP-2348 are found to be indistinguishable from SCP-2348. Persons aboard manned objects affected this way are additionally found to be part of the sky.


Of note is that the number of clouds present in a 2800km radius around the anomaly has been decreasing since the anomaly's discovery. This is attributed to further confirmation of the lack of non-SCP-2348 clouds.

While objects have entered SCP-2348, all witnesses report SCP-2348 only ejecting additional sky.





UPDATE 

SCP-2348 is now shaped like a human hand pointing directly downwards. Outposts in a 2800km radius of Point 2348 must enter indefinite lockdown immediately, maintaining complete isolation from the outside world. Civilian populations in this radius must be ignored until containment teams can confirm the existence of non-SCP-2348 aerosols.

Information on atmospheric structures consisting of liquid droplets, frozen crystals, and other particulates must be destroyed. Personnel must not consume any liquids primarily comprised of H2O molecules that have originated from these structures; substitute fluids must be ingested instead. Expect no further messages until orders to end the lockdown are sent.

Entities claiming to be the sky must be neutralized on sight.
附加记录：    









‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  sky.jpg

Name:  A cloud

Author:  Ervins Strauhmanis

License:  CC BY 2.0

Source Link:  Link
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            21 Sep 2020 17:24
            
            Edit
+115)
Tags
Discuss (14)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Karma-Lab
                      
              KARMA Technology and the products incorporating it
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot - Free and Pro Wiki Hosting
                      
              your place on the web
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bozic Nation
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Ammon Allreds Online Classroom
                      
              University of Toledo Philosophy Professor
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

