                        





Item #:  SCP-1412

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1412 are kept in 2m terrariums filled partially with aerated soil at Sector-28. Rooms in the containment cells are to be filtered for humidity and supplied with typical ventilation for oxygen and carbon dioxide.

Description:  The pair comprising SCP-1412 closely resembles Cryptomeria ‘Japanese cedar’ trees, standing 4.45m in diameter at the base. The pair has a similar biological profile and varies only slightly in appearance. Dendrochronological surveys of the trees are inconclusive due to a lack of annual rings inside of the trunks. Modern dating methods return various results ranging from █ months to 65 years. Closer inspection of bark samples shows a lack of cellular activity.

SCP-1412 achieves mobility through growth. Frontal maws located underneath the bases of the trees digest plant and animal matter, which is then processed at an irregular rate, producing more bark for propulsion, effectively pushing them forward. Feeding in this manner does not seem to be crucial to the existence of SCP-1412, although in most cases either have been shown to move given an opportunity. SCP-1412 will not consume human matter and does not actively hunt for food save for the purpose of using it for mobility.



Researchers Note:  The amount of energy needed for mobility is minimal, although this energy seems to be consumed quickly. This suggests the distance traveled by these trees took place over at least six-hundred (600) years, estimation given the mobility of SCP-1412 without energy, and the time it takes for new plant matter to grow. This means SCP-1412 would have traveled faster in denser areas, and may have been relatively dormant until new food made itself available in more arid areas. See attached diagram compiled by Researcher Sanders of SCP-1412s course in the last two-hundred (200) years. Circles indicate periods of inactivity.

1412Map

–block



附加记录：    

During testing, cadavers placed in the hollow opening near the bases of the trees are forced out, with no evidence of digestion or mastication.

The pair seems to prefer traveling at a relatively close distance. Top speeds for either instance of SCP-1412 clock at 8 knots.

A large portion of the bark seems to be severely damaged and charred, the cause is assumed to be annual rainfall. Introduction to small amounts of water (1 l) cause the bark of SCP-1412 to combust. Damaged sections of the trees do not appear to heal, but this does not result in reduced mobility or any abnormal behavior. Fire on the bark shows a faint purple, burning at roughly 200°C.

SCP-1412 was discovered in 2010 at Tenryū-Okumikawa Park by a group of civilians hiking in the area. The group was interviewed and administered with amnestics while a concurrent expedition was undertaken by Agent Breen and Researcher Sanders. The team reported following a trail of twisting, horizontal trunks through 23m on either side of the husks. SCP-1412 was eventually discovered near Atera Seven Falls after two-days tracking. See Containment Report 1412 for further details.

Addendum 1412-A:  Sample Analysis

Further testing of the inside of SCP-1412 reveals a negligible amount of radiation (0.89 microsieverts) per hour. A cross section of SCP-1412 reveals a spiraling mound of calcified gray matter located within which replaces nearly eighty percent (80%) of the heartwood.

Audio from Containment Report:  1412



Sanders and I reached Atera Seven Falls after following the husks for roughly two days. We found the pair comprising SCP-1412 near the overhang of Atera Seven, each of ‘em was leaning forward on the overhang. Sanders got in a bit closer to check the things out, she didn’t find anything unusual aside from the faint purple glow near the bottom of the trunks. The things were a bit warm too. Didn’t seem to be moving at all. I had Sanders page the evac unit.
附加记录：    

Note: The trees were very close to falling into the river. Excavation revealed a large rock underneath the banks obstructing the trajectory.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            12 Nov 2020 08:05
            
            Edit
+28)
Tags
Discuss (37)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            COSCUP WIKI
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Connors Campaigns
                      
              My dashboard for RPGs, Music, Sports, and more.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Make Your Bot!
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Coffeetime Extra
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

