                        


Item #:  SCP-1987-J

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  All printed copies or recordings of SCP-1987-J are to be destroyed, except for a single printed copy to be stored in a locked safe at Site 5150. One six-string electric guitar, of any standard model, is to be made available for testing purposes. As of ██/██/20██, testing is to be conducted by and on D-class personnel only. Any people or objects affected by SCP-1987-J are to be examined immediately after conclusion of test and archived or neutralized as necessary. Female staff members are not to be exposed to SCP-1987-J's effects under any circumstances.

In the event of a manifestation of SCP-1987-J-1, the D-class responsible for activating SCP-1987-J is to accept its request. No staff are to interact with SCP-1987-J-1 directly. Test subject may be reassigned in event of failure; in event of success, Procedure Counter-XK-25R624 is to be enacted immediately.

Mobile Task Force Omega-2112 () is to monitor major and independent music publishers and online music distribution networks for any indication of an independent rediscovery of SCP-1987-J. In the event of a containment breach, all offending media is to be removed from public consumption and MTF Omega-2112 is authorized to execute Procedure Kasem, Procedure Sumner, or Procedure Cobain at O5 discretion.

Description:  SCP-1987-J is a sequence of chords intended to be played on an electric guitar, which produces several anomalous effects when played. SCP-1987-J has been discovered independently by several individuals since the development of the electric guitar in the 1930s. The earliest known written copy exists in the form of a hand-written tabulature dated to 1965, with the note  in the margin.



Partial SCP-1987-J tabulature



Extensive testing has indicated that any person who is aware of how SCP-1987-J is intended to sound when played, and has access to an electric guitar and amplifier, is able to produce SCP-1987-J, regardless of any previously documented ability to play guitar or lack thereof. Once play begins, anomalous effects begin to occur within the area where SCP-1987-J is audible after approximately 1.6 seconds, and continue to manifest every 10-30 seconds, until play ceases or SCP-1987-J-1 manifests. No specific pattern as to the effects produced by SCP-1987-J-1 has been discerned to date. All effects produced by SCP-1987-J are permanent and are not reversed by cessation of play or subsequent exposure. Effects documented as a result of SCP-1987-J include:

Perception by onlookers that the player is unusually physically attractive or charismatic.
Spontaneous lengthening of the player's hair and/or enlargement of genitals.
Apparent age of all females within area of effect changing to approximately eighteen years, and/or spontaneous manifestation of eight to ten such individuals if no female subjects are present. (Concurrent transmogrification of subjects' clothes into thong bikinis, lingerie, or leather fetish gear has occurred in 68% of documented instances - extensive testing has been authorized to determine where effects are correlated.)
Transformation of late-model automobiles in area of effect to vintage hot rods, muscle cars, or custom motorcycles.
Spontaneous manifestation of large quantities of distilled alcoholic beverages.
Spontaneous manifestation of sparks, pyrotechnics, or large fans.
Immunity of the player to bullets.
Resurrection of the dead, either to their previous state or as  loyal to the player.
Spontaneous manifestations of  loyal to the player.
Liquefaction of observers' facial features.
Spontaneous pregnancy in fertile female subjects.
Spontaneous pregnancy in infertile female subjects.
Spontaneous pregnancy in male subjects.


Testing has determined that all above effects are only produced when SCP-1987-J is performed on an electric guitar. Attempts to produce SCP-1987-J on acoustic guitar, keyboard, banjo, ukulele, or saxophone have produced a memetic field which causes all observers to view the player as , with extended test sessions resulting in permanent [REDACTED] testicles.

SCP-1987-J-1 is an entity resembling a Caucasian male of approximately 25 years age, which to date has manifested on any occasion when performance of SCP-1987-J has passed a collective total of three minutes, one second in duration. SCP-1987-J-1, which has variously introduced itself by the names  if the player is successful.

The nature of , and claims to be a fan of country music. All instances of SCP-1987-J-2 have proven unable to produce SCP-1987-J or to display any degree of skill with the guitar, and have been assigned to the maintenance of the Foundation's motor pool.

Memo from Dr. Klein: As of ██/██/20██, I am hereby forbidding all staff other than D-class from conducting tests on SCP-1987-J. To date, thirty-eight researchers at Site 5150 alone have become iterations of SCP-1987-J-2 while attempting to acquire the power of Ultimate Rockness. Site 1137 is now facing a five-month backlog on critical laboratory work; however, we possess well in excess of the required automobile maintenance staff, and will have to resort to assigning the SCP-1987-J-2 instances as D-class due to a lack of work to assign them. As tempting as Ultimate Rockness may be, we have more important concerns at this time.

                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            22 Apr 2020 23:44
            
            Edit
+148)
Tags
Discuss (49)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            RMIT Vietnam IM 2007B
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SIMTrackipedia
                      
              A collection of tutorials for Bobs Track Builder, XPacker, and other related programs
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Eurya的存档室
                      
              抉心自食，欲知本味
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bozic Nation
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

