                        


Item #:  SCP-2538

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  No weapons, armor, or other items generated by SCP-2538, are allowed outside of the containment chamber. At least 2 security personnel must guard SCP-2538 at all times. Security officers will rotate in shifts accordingly.

Description:  SCP-2538 is a large van with a set of seats in the back, along with several containers. The vehicle has several crude steel plates attached to the sides and windows. SCP-2538 has no visible license plating and manufacturer labels. Due to this, manufacturer and previous owner of SCP-2538 are unknown. The left side of the vehicle has a spray painted rectangular symbol with the letters  written below.

When opened by an outside source, several objects will appear inside SCP-2538's back compartment. The objects known to appear include:

4 sets of tactical bullet resistant vests
4 loaded M4A1 carbine rifles
2 bags of plastic explosives
4 masks depicting various animals1
20 magazines of 5.56x45mm NATO cartridges


Upon opening SCP-2538 again, a new set of the aforementioned items will appear, and will cause all previous items to disappear, regardless of where they are. Any objects placed inside SCP-2538's back compartment will also disappear once a new set is created. Any damage to SCP-2538 is repaired once the object is outside of human sight-lines.

The Foundation first discovered SCP-2538 in a warehouse owned by the company  on the edge of Belgrade, Serbia. SCP-2538 was recovered along with a phone hidden inside the vehicle's glove compartment. After recovery the incidents of violent crime in Belgrade decreased.

Addendum 2538/0102/04/10:  The phone recovered from SCP-2538's glove compartment contained several audio recordings. Each recording dated from 3 months, to 2 days before recovery. These recordings are accessible by personnel of level 2 clearance and above.

+CREDENTIALS]

-FILE]




Caller Name: Dragan 

Hey Marco, I got some extra parts from that saleman. You could use them better then he could. I'll be stopping by the warehouse in 2 hours, I'll talk with you there.
附加记录：    



Caller Name: Dragan 

Nice job on the car Marco, just got the photo you sent me. I'm heading to a quick meeting of sorts, going to get us a quick job.
附加记录：    



Caller Name: Dragan 

I've set up a job for the new van. It involves the local bank and whatnot. I'm calling up an old friend of sorts as we speak to help us out. I'll call you back when I can.
附加记录：    



Caller Name: Dragan 

Alright, I've made us a deal. This syndicate has deep pockets Marco, and we both could use the extra dinars. They're going to send you a call soon, listen to the Representative, and do what he says. He doesn't know about the van, was hoping to spring that as a surprise on him, make it worth his while yes?
附加记录：    



Caller Name: R.S Rep. 

Allow me to introduce myself, I am Markov of the Richter . You and your partner's work has gotten our attention. With the success of this deal, I'm happy to welcome you as one of our workers. Your vehicle will be useful in our endeavors. It will save us a fortune, and I thank you for it personally. I'll call you when you are needed, remember your place Mr. Vukovic.
附加记录：    



Caller Name: Markov 

Marco, due to recent events regarding loss of our product, we ask that you do not use your vehicle for our work. We have lost approximately 30000 dinars worth of  due to your choices. If you wish to repeal this, please schedule an appointment with me at once. Remember, your place, Mr. Vukovic.
附加记录：    



Caller Name: Markov 

Mr. Vukovic, my organization has drafted a special offer for you. One of our many clients has expressed interest in your vehicle, specifically a man by the name of  who works with our Scarlet division. If you wish to accept this request, please report to your warehouse tomorrow at 2:00PM with the vehicle in tow. Thank you in advance, any concerns should be addressed at the deal.
附加记录：    



Caller Name: Dragan 

Marco, MARCO! Listen, Marco youI think this is goodbye Marco, stay safe my friend.
附加记录：    



Caller Name: DO NOT ANSWER 

Marco, you were never much use to us anyway. We'll find that van of yours, we'll trace your signal until we find you, and I will make sure you do not dodge a bullet like your friend Dragan did for a moment. You could have had a prosperous life Marco, but I'm afraid this is good bye forever you Serbian rat. I eagerly anticipate your body bag arriving at Viktor's footsteps soon. Until then, I hope I never see you.
附加记录：    

Research is currently underway regarding the  or other POIs are currently unknown.




Footnotes
1. The animal depicted on the masks are random. Common appearances include arachnid and insect species.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                vehicle
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 11:49
            
            Edit
+23)
Tags
Discuss (14)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Bloodborne
                      
              From Softwares new dark fantasy project. (Project Beast)
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Academic Writing
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            보카로 가사 위키
                      
              Vocaloid Lyrics Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Backrooms
                      
              Watch Your Back...
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

