                        


Item #:  SCP-3382

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Mobile Task Force Delta-66 () are to monitor highways in the state of Arkansas for SCP-3382-A appearances. Instances are to be relocated to containment at Site-64. Testing has revealed SCP-3382-A instance are non-anomalous in nature, and personnel are authorised to disassemble and repurpose material in the interest of storage. Foundation webcrawler DjinnSpotter is to monitor social media and forums for mention of the name or number featured on SCP-3382-A instances, and flagged posts are to be deleted with class-A amnestics administered to all involved individuals. Information warning against make-a-wish scams is to be disseminated throughout Arkansas in order to discourage civilian interaction with uncontained SCP-3382-A instances.

Description:  SCP-3382 refers to the anomalous appearance of billboards across the North American state of Arkansas, designated SCP-3382-A, featuring advertisements for a phone hotline titled .

SCP-3382-A instances feature the name of the charity as well as a phone number1 and the slogan . Frequency of SCP-3382-A appearances correspond with the proximity to the center of the state, with manifestations occurring at least once every 14 days within a 10km radius. Local city council members do not recall authorising the construction of suspect billboards and cannot recall how long they have been present.

Children under the age of 10 who dial the number on SCP-3382-A are greeted by a female voice3.

Addendum 3382/A.1: Test Log 

Wishes made and observed under Foundation testing are documented below. All subjects were administered class-A amnestics upon conclusion of testing.


Subject
Wish
Result
Notes


10 year old male, diagnosed with leukemia.

3 days after returning home, subject received a visit from █████. Subject elatedly engaged in conversation for 2 hours on topics including their illness and sports.
When questioned regarding knowledge of personal information including subject's name, address and condition, █████ was unable to answer.


7 year old female with stage 2 liver cancer. Though normally treatable, subject's family did not have sufficient funds to afford medical costs.

No immediate result noted, subject debriefed and sent home. 5 days later subject received a call from cancer treatment center Mayo Clinic offering free comprehensive treatment.
Despite not being terminally ill, subject's wish was still granted. SCP-3382-B appears to take into consideration circumstances that would result in a caller's death, not just the severity of their condition.


5 year old female with a severe congenial heart defect.

Approximately 5 minutes later SCP-████ appeared in the room and presented a large, wrapped gift to subject, declaring she had been a .
Present contained a stuffed teddy bear with a heart and  embroidered onto it. Testing revealed no anomalous properties.


8 year old male with a malignant brain tumor. Given 6 months to live.
.
Extended custody battle ended the following day, and a marriage certificate was signed the following week.
Upon questioning, subject's parents professed they only wanted the best for their child, and were willing to work through anything to make him happy in his final months. Observation over following weeks recorded increasing substance addiction and violence from subject's parents. Subject subsequently taken into protective custody by local child protection services.


9 year old female with multiple sclerosis.
.
Immediately after call termination, subject collapsed and was found to be without pulse. Medical staff were unable to resuscitate.
A subsequent autopsy revealed no abnormalities, and cause of death was determined to be a heart attack. A background check revealed subject's mother had passed away 3 years prior.


6 year old female, healthy.
.
SCP-3382-B is heard saying  with uncharacteristic malice before the call ends. Requested item appeared in subject's possession immediately after.
Subject began complaining of severe nausea and dizziness shortly after. A subsequent medical scan revealed stage 4 breast cancer. Subject given terminal diagnosis and 6 weeks to live.


10 year old male, healthy.
.
SCP-3382-B again heard saying  before ending the call. Requested item appeared in subject's possession immediately after.


Subject complained of exhaustion but does not display any signs of illness. Prior to dismissal, subject complained of a . Further investigation determined subject was infected with SCP-217. Subject and all involved staff terminated by site security, testing facilities quarantined to prevent further spread.

 - Dr. █████████.



7 year old male, diagnosed with Osteogenesis imperfecta.

All media, including season records, team standings, video footage, and human memories of games during the 2017 NBA season, reflect a victory by the Golden State Warriors.


Subject confused when introduced to season records, claiming Miami Heat had won. Further questioning revealed almost all game results throughout the season did not match subject's memory.

 - Dr. █████████.



10 year old female, healthy despite complaints of stomach ache.
Subject instructed by assistant researcher █████ to make wish .
SCP-3382-B's usual composure breaks and is recorded saying  with extreme hostility, before pausing for two seconds, then wishing the subject a nice day and ending the call. Subject subsequently reported her stomach ache was gone.
Post-test medical examination of subject revealed no anomalies. Midway through debriefing, assistant researcher █████ began coughing blood violently, and was subsequently diagnosed with severe Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome, despite no history of Human Immunodeficiency Virus. Further Foundation-sanctioned wishes not recommended.



Footnotes
1. Despite an Arkansas area code, attempts to trace calls have failed to yield a location.
2. Voice analysis returned a match to Agatha Hawksburn, an Arkansas cancer patient who disappeared in mysterious circumstances connected to SCP-████ in 1983.
3. Refer to Addendum 3382/A.1 for testing details.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            03 Oct 2018 04:33
            
            Edit
+117)
Tags
Discuss (16)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Isocentre Archive
                      
              Where ideas intersect
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            FUNCLUB FullRP
                      
              База данных зоны 81F
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Dyslexia Connection
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            文殊阁
                      
              梦开始的地方
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

