                        




A secondary bunker located near SCP-1210-2



Item #:  SCP-1210

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  A Foundation laboratory ship as well as two patrol ships are stationed in the region surrounding SCP-1210 at a range of no less than 10km. As SCP-1210-2 remains active, expeditions to or experimentation with SCP-1210 for more than five (5) hours after a recorded emission event may only be performed with prior permission from at least two (2) Level 4 Personnel. Infrared and visible-light photography by the next over-passing surveillance satellite must be scheduled immediately after a recorded emission event.

The area surrounding SCP-1210 in a radius of 15km is marked as off-limits on all official maps, and radar overwatch is to be maintained using unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). Civilians attempting to approach SCP-1210 must be detained and questioned.

Description:  SCP-1210-1 is an uncharted island approximately 31km². Its unusual shape suggests that it may have once been larger, but that the eastern half of the island was 'sheared off' via unknown means, leaving a sharp delineation at which point several buildings and roads as well as utility lines have been cut off.

SCP-1210-2 is a World War II era radar installation located on the main hill of SCP-1210-1, consisting of a large radar array and a control bunker containing its readout equipment. Cyrillic signage indicate that the site is named [REDACTED], but no official documentation of this site exists in any Russian or Soviet-era records. The site is in an advanced state of disrepair consistent with multiple decades of abandonment, though several rooms are remarkably well-preserved due to having been inside sealed bunkers. Forensic examination of the site indicates that site personnel were forced to abandon the area in haste and head towards the eastern end of the island, where the main power plant and living quarters are presumed to have been located.

Despite having been disconnected from an active power source for at least 50 years, SCP-1210-2 is still active and periodically generates a low-powered, anomalous radar pulse emission that radiates out to a range of approximately 9km. The period and frequency of these emissions is unstable, but are usually at or about ██ ms and ██ to ██ Hz. These emissions are also irregular, and have been recorded repeating as often as once every six (6) hours, and as rarely as once every seven (7) days.

During each emission event, localized shifts in the area surrounding SCP-1210-2 occur that coincide with the propagation of the emission signal. These include but are not limited to: changes in the topography of the sea bed and ocean floor, changes in the local plant and animal life, as well as short-lived changes in the chemistry and organic content of the water surrounding SCP-1210. Prior to current containment procedures, individuals within the Red Zone of SCP-1210 during an emission event reported being able to feel a 'ripple' pass through their bodies, resulting in short-term nausea as well as tingling in the extremities that persisted for several days. In rare cases, subjects have also reported short-term memory loss and fatigue, and in two (2) cases, personnel were discovered missing and were unable to be located.

Incident Log 1210-1:  On ██/█/██, an emission event occurred while two (2) research personnel were in open water on a small power boat. Foundation patrol ship SCPS Treska received a panicked distress signal that was shortly cut off. Upon investigation, the Treska discovered the shredded hull of the power boat, with puncture damage consistent with the teeth from a C. megalodon. Additional Foundation assets are being considered to deal with the possibility of extinct or otherwise anomalous wildlife as a result of SCP-1210's emission events.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                temporal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 09:52
            
            Edit
+61)
Tags
Discuss (26)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Naruto Mush Rivalry
                      
              Ninja of the world, REJOICE!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The SCP Sandbox
                      
              Осторожно! Идут испытания!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Pagan Michigan
                      
              News and Networking for the Pagan Community of Michigan
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RPC Authority
                      
              Research, Protection, Containment
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

