                        


Item #:  SCP-024-FR

Threat Level:  Yellow ●

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-024-FR is to be kept under a sealed glass bell jar at all times, in a 2×2×2.5m room fitted with an airlock capable of being vacuum sealed at any time. Should the glass dome be damaged, a D-Class subject equipped with a hazmat suit is to enter the room to assess the damage in order to have the glass dome replaced as soon as possible. Light repairs such as sealing off cracks or putting on mastic are not to be considered sufficient, and may only be carried out at the behest of Level 2 personnel for a limited amount of time.

The exact vector by which SCP-024-FR affects human beings is still unknown, any affected personnel is to be immediately restrained with a straitjacket and placed in a standard hospital bed, under permanent medical surveillance. Their jaw is to be kept shut by force.

As of Incident 024-FR-21, personnel are not permitted to stay within the containment chamber longer than twenty (20) minutes, regardless of the protective clothing they are wearing. 

Description:  SCP-024-FR appears to be a normal Parisian ham sandwich, exhibiting a very large size, with an estimated diameter of 35cm and a length of 20cm. Observing the object has no effect as long as it is kept under its sealed glass bell jar. Therefore, it is assumed that the effect is due to a smell or non-transmissible pathogen infecting the subject, hereafter designated SCP-024-FR-1.

The process described in Experience Log 024-1 is triggered at the first exposure to the object. The subject feels the urgent need to swallow SCP-024-FR all at once, regardless of the physical damage such an action would cause. One side of the sandwich is covered with a standard paper towel, which does not display the name of any restaurant or brand. Instead, an inscription reads . As such, the object is suspected to be linked to the pseudo-artistic Group of Interest Are We Cool Yet?. It was found laying on a dustbin in a back alley of ██████, next to the corpse of a homeless person who seemed to have [DATA EXPUNGED] his own jaw.

As of 08/17/2012, by edict of the Ethics Committee (Letter 024CE65, archived), it is forbidden to expose any human being to SCP-024-FR. This limits current knowledge on the effects of the anomaly (attempts at exposing animals have been unsuccessful). This document is based on the circumstances of its recovery and on the following experience log:

Addendum 024-21:  An incident involving Dr Lears has led to a revaluation of the current containment procedures for SCP-024-FR, and new procedures are under review. For now, it is forbidden to expose personnel more than necessary, and only as part of constructive experiments approved by at least one Level 2 personnel. The only available description of the incident comes from Dr Lears' personal recorder. Transcript of the recording is attached to this document as Incident Log 024-LEARS-A8.

Experience Log 024-1, 08/14/2012:  First and last exposure attempt of a D-Class (D-0568) to SCP-024-FR.

D-0568 is wearing no protection, and is equipped with an earpiece to receive instructions from researchers, who are monitoring the room through the security camera. However, the procedure consisted of sending the D-Class subject into the containment chamber without precautions for exposure. T=0 designates the moment D-0568 began to show an interest in SCP-024-FR and is not to be considered accurate without further testing.



T=-2min23:  D-0568 enters the chamber, and approaches of the glass dome under which SCP-024-FR is placed, waiting for instructions.

T=-1min57:  D-0568 removes the glass dome and put it on the ground. D-0568 exhibits no particular behaviour and looks bored.

T=0min00:  D-0568 shows a keen interest in the object. He bends down, as if he is studying its length.

T=2min06:  D-0568 is now taking measures with his hands, visibly comparing its length, width and especially its diameter.

T=3min11:  D-0568 seems to be losing himself in an intense reflection, comparing the object's measurement with his jaw. Dr Baltin requests the immediate cessation of the experiment. Denied.

T=3min24:  D-0568 is holding the object and tries to insert it inside his mouth, unsuccessfully. The object's diameter is much too big for his jaw. Dr Baltin is dismissed for his inability to stay calm.

T=3min48:  D-0568 shows signs of confusion. He attempts to open his mouth wider, with the help of his hands, trying to match the object's measurements.

T=4min12:  D-0568 grasps his lower jaw with one hand and his upper jaw with the other one, showing signs of intense effort. Dr Laurent is dismissed for his inability to stay calm.

T=5min06:  D-0568 has managed to break his jaw. Subject seems to suffer at a normal level for a bone fracture with important lesions of facial tissues. SCP-024-FR does not seem to anesthetize the subject. Pain increases as he unsuccessfully tries to insert the object in the opening. Despite pain and blood loss, D-0568 appears to be determined. Dr Harlow is dismissed for his inability to cease asking for subject's termination.

T=5min46:  Subject dies as a result of his injuries following complete ablation of his lower jaw. It has to be noted that the object shows no damage after D-0568's attempt to consume it.
附加记录：    

Excerpt from Incident Log 024-LEARS-A8, 01/02/2013 




附加记录：    

                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Oct 2018 13:46
            
            Edit
+52)
Tags
Discuss (10)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Great Hyderabad Adventure Club
                      
              Advenutre and Nature Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hearts of Randomnautica Wiki
                      
              An interesting realm
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CTC/Library Lab Wiki
                      
              The CTC mothership
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Arlington, Mass.
                      
              The Arlington Wiki - Arlington, MA
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

