                        


Item #:  SCP-1544

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1544 is to be given a minimum of 5 by 5 by 4 meters of space in its containment, in a biological containment chamber within Site-32. Upbeat music is to be played within SCP-1544's containment chamber during its feeding; SCP-1544 will consume any type of meat, and is to be fed daily.

Description:  SCP-1544's exterior is a mobile, 1 meter tall2 and it is connected to a thin skeletal system that makes up SCP-1544's limbs. SCP-1544 feeds by using its central mass to envelope food it takes in through its limbs.

SCP-1544's skin is abnormally resistant to damage, and is also able to flex its arms to 5 meters in length. SCP-1544 is also able to move at speeds exceeding 35 kilometers per hour, by flipping its hands and feet over itself in a cartwheel fashion. However, SCP-1544 will hibernate at temperatures exceeding 85° C to preserve energy and prevent its interior from overheating.

SCP-1544 has a jovial temperament, and appears to take great pleasure in dancing. SCP-1544 will playfully nudge and bump personnel, though it will not purposely cause harm. SCP-1544 will only dance if music is audible in its area; otherwise, SCP-1544 will display depression, and will lay or sit down on the ground away from personnel. It will also become apathetic towards any outside stimulus, and will refuse to consume any food. SCP-1544 will not return to its usual behavior until music is played once more.

SCP-1544 was discovered in 19██, after escaping from a traveling circus and cutting a path through the surrounding forest. All circus employees were administered Class-B amnestics, and SCP-1544 was subsequently contained by the Foundation, including all documents involving it.

Documents surrounding SCP-1544 are available to Level 3 personnel and up.

Addendum 1:  The following is a document discovered with SCP-1544.



Hello, and thank you for purchasing 



To keep your lovable rainbow friend happy, make sure to keep him fed and dancing!



Keep some music on all the time, because he gets pretty grumpy when the music stops!



Don't like your vegetables? He'll be happy to eat them for you!3



Don't let the kids too close! Your friend loves to dance, but sometimes the music gets too strong!



Once again, thank you for purchasing from Dr. Wondertainment!



Dr. Wondertainment is not responsible for any injuries incurred by use of this project. Terms of use available at [REDACTED]. By purchasing from Dr. Wondertainment you agree to not hold Dr. Wondertainment or any of Dr. Wondertainment's affiliates accountable for injuries or damages incurred by your product. Thank you for your purchase!
附加记录：    

+[REDACTED]

-Granted




[DATA LOST]rom[DATA LOST] La[DATA LOST]. We bring the Light to you. 



Experiment [DATA LOST]  521



Status:  Failure



Subject Plan:  [DATA LOST] recon based creature, able to resist [DATA LOST]e to maneuver around large objects. [DATA LOST]o be stealth based, sacrificing durability for speed. [DATA LOST]s 24 hours.



Result:  Experiment 521 [DATA LOST] a large fleshy mass, covered in multiple white limbs. [DATA LOST]scaped from PL security. [DATA LOST] currently in process of tracking down experiment.



[DATA LOST] Seriously la[DATA LOST] working well or [DATA LOST]

-[DATA LOST] Rollands
附加记录：    




+SCP-1544

-Granted.



Dr. Wondertainment Co. Central Records



Product # 106 



Description:  #106 was found by President W. DW brought the subject to central records, naming him Joey. DW has since then developed a special bond with Joey and refuses to sell the subject. Council has decided to deport 106 in two days regardless of Dr. Wondertainment's demands, due to high interest from the San Francisco Circus.





-Dr. P Wondertainment PhD.
附加记录：    


Dr. Wondertainment Co. Central Records



Product #106 has been sold to San Francisco Circus. Dr. Wondertainment has taken paid leave and has been requested not to be contacted.
附加记录：    




Addendum 2:  The following note was found outside of Site-32.



Take good care of Joey. I've already given him color. You need to give him a home.

-DW
附加记录：    

Security footage is currently being reviewed to find the person responsible for leaving the note.

Footnotes
1. SCP-1544 can extend beyond this height.
2. As observed from the organism's feeding process.
3. SCP-1544 has been proven to be able to consume plant life, though it will often eject the food through its hands with what has been confirmed to be stomach bile.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            30 Sep 2019 21:53
            
            Edit
+111)
Tags
Discuss (26)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Foundation
                      
              auf Deutsch
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            projects.wikidot.com
                      
              Wikidot Projects Forum
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Blank Template
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Frontman Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

