                        


Item #:  SCP-025

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-025 is only to be opened during testing, as is the room in which SCP-025 is stored. Entry codes are to be given only to authorized research and security personnel. No other containment protocols required.

Description:  SCP-025 is a wooden wardrobe measuring 0.97 moths have eaten at much of the collection, and tears and runs are not uncommon.

When any item from SCP-025 is put on, the wearer is observed either to die or suffer an injury within 24 hours. The cause of death or injury in these instances is invariably linked to the aforementioned flaws in the clothing, but only ever appears to be an unrelated incident. Wearing a glove with a fingertip cut off may result in the loss of the fingertip through a simple kitchen accident like chopping onions; similarly, a subject wearing a poncho with a sleeve missing will somehow cause the loss of the uncovered arm, be it an attack by a wild animal or a vehicular accident that necessitates the amputation of the limb. If placed in a sealed, unfurnished enclosure while wearing an item from the chest, the wearer will either seemingly spontaneously contract a flesh-eating disease that begins in the areas not covered by the clothing, or suffer the failure of an organ located beneath an imperfection in the article. Diseases arising from such incidents may or may not be contagious; no study has been successfully undertaken due to the speed at which the strains observed run their course. Recommended that, if possible, samples of the disease be taken to lab for possible weaponization.

Following is an abridged testing log of SCP-025; more thorough testing will accompany the declassification of the document in its entirety.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



TEST LOG SCP-025, SECTION 1 

SUBJECT:  D-778, a 42-year-old white male

ARTICLE:  1940s-era white tuxedo

IMPERFECTION(S):  Torn seam in left shoulder

TEST RESULTS:  Subject was allowed free roam of the halls, under Agent ███████'s supervision. For approximately 45 minutes, nothing eventful occurred; however, at ██:██:██, security tapes and eyewitnesses indicate that D-778 appeared to make an attempt at attacking Agent ███████. He in turn overcame the subject with a knife, causing an inch-deep gash in D-778's left shoulder precisely at the point where the tuxedo's seam was ripped. Test halted; subject later terminated.

SUBJECT:  D-690, a 26-year-old white male

ARTICLE:  2004 Boston Red Sox baseball cap

IMPERFECTION(S):  Missing size adjuster in back of cap; logo in front partially removed

TEST RESULTS:  Placed in a sealed room with the subject was a table on which were a loaded Jericho  while holding it at roughly eye level, the weapon discharged into D-690's forehead, where the size adjustment band would have been. The round exited the subject near the part of the hat with the missing part of the logo.

SUBJECTS:  D-736, a 22-year-old white male; D-771, a 23-year-old white male

ARTICLE:  Burgundy striped sweater vest, dating from 1973

IMPERFECTION(S):  Article seemed to have been partially eaten by moths; several large holes in the front of the sweater

TEST RESULTS:  D-736 was asked by researching staff to wear the sweater vest, which he did under duress. D-771 was given a loaded handgun out of sight of the other test participant and instructed to, on a given signal, fire all six (6) shots in the direction of D-736. After doing so, it was noted that every shot fired passed through one of the holes in the sweater vest, leaving the clothing intact and killing D-736. Firearm retrieved; surviving subject transported back to quarters.

SUBJECT:  D-771, a 23-year-old white male

ARTICLE:  Sweater vest from above trial

IMPERFECTION(S):  Same as mentioned

TEST RESULTS:  D-771 was this time placed in an empty room, dimensions 15 one (1) of the tubes broke into jagged pieces that impaled D-771 in several areas, but only again through gaps already present in the sweater vest. Subject's vitals persisted for another six (6) minutes, then ceased. Further testing locations will be selected to minimize possible damage to the surrounding area.

SUBJECT:  Dr. ██████ [Unplanned experiment; an unidentified individual left an article from SCP-025 on Dr. ██████'s desk that looked similar to an item of his own clothing. Any information about this incident and/or the perpetrator of same should be reported immediately to senior staff.]

ARTICLE:  Lightweight scarf, dyed a number of colors

IMPERFECTION(S):  Heavily pulled seam caused scarf to be considerably shorter and tighter in the middle.

TEST RESULTS:  According to his itinerary, Dr. ██████, wearing the item from SCP-025, was en route to the enclosure of SCP-███ on ██/██/████ for routine testing. However, he diverged from his intended path and began in a direction towards an entirely separate wing of the facility. Subject then entered the enclosure of SCP-173 without gathering accompaniment or following safety procedures, and, upon hearing the door closing, blinked. Cause of death listed as strangulation resulting from a crushed windpipe.

SUBJECT:  D-802, a 30-year-old Hispanic female

ARTICLE:  1980s Flashdance-style white shirt

IMPERFECTION(S):  Right shoulder removed, left sleeve completely cut off, entire bottom hem shredded

TEST RESULTS:  [DATA EXPUNGED]. All present were presumed infected, then quarantined and [DATA EXPUNGED].

All further tests involving 1980s-era fashion have been postponed indefinitely due to the expenditures and safety hazards presented by the aforementioned experiment. Full cleanup estimated to take an additional ██ weeks.
附加记录：    

Further testing authorized; results now awaiting declassification.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            10 Jun 2020 00:25
            
            Edit
+381)
Tags
Discuss (30)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Borradores SCP-ES
                      
              Sitio de borradores para miembros de la Fundación SCP-ES
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CycloDS Revolution
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Music Industrapedia
                      
              A Legacy of your Working Life in the Music Industry
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Harvey Capital Lectures
                      
              Crowdsourced Transcription and Translation Project
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

