                        


Item #:  SCP-4791

Object Class:  Neutralized (See Significant Novels)

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4791 instances will be kept in the Site-34 library for archival purposes.

Description:  SCP-4791 refers to  a scientist turned matchmaker at the service of the Lady, whose job it is to help his targets to meet the Lady, unsuccessfully.

The methods chosen by Dr. Moroes Hadowell always consist of causing lethal damage to his targets until they are rendered disabled.

The Lady's character is never seen in the series, her existence being solely referred to by Dr. Moroes Hadowell. She is often described as a pale woman, thin and covered with a veil, gone missing since Omega Day1.

At the end of the reading of an SCP-4791 instance, the subjects will suffer a physical ailment related to the method chosen by Dr. Moroes Hadowell for the Lady's return for 2 hours.

Addendum.1:  The following is a foreword that appears in all SCP-4791 instances.

+Foreword

-Foreword




Greetings, my dear reader. By opening this book you will know in depth the vicissitudes of Moroes, a person like you and me, who only wants to make his Lady happy and bring her suitors out of earthly poverty. I hope that throughout your reading you feel what my your protagonist feels and you realize his quest.

M.H.
附加记录：    




Addendum.2: Significant Novels: 


Title 
Content 
Effect 


Healthy Mind in a Dormant Body
The chronologically first novel in the series, set after Omega Day. The novel begins with Moroes waking up from a nightmare caused by the recent disappearance of the Lady. He suffers an identity crisis, rethinking about returning to his work as a scientist. During the course of the novel, Moroes reconciles with his matchmaking aspect and finds his next target, a homeless man. Moroes incapacitates the homeless man and surgically removes the brain. At the end, Moroes cuts the brain in half in an attempt to bring the Lady back, with no success.
Loss of perception of external stimuli, perception of bilocation.


Offering to the Lady
In this novel, Moroes regards the Lady as a divine figure and tries to recover her presence. The novel begins with Moroes selecting his next target, a man of Spanish nationality. The method of incapacitation consists of making a human sacrifice to Huitzilopochtli with a flint carved like a razor. In the end, Moroes pulls out the heart and tries to prevent it from beating, with no success.
Severe chest pain, followed by a progressive decrease2 in heartbeats until reaching 1 bpm.


Burning From the Cell
Unlike the other novels, it takes place inside Moroes' laboratory and without any direct mention of the Lady. Moroes has several cell cultures of different animal species, ready for testing. The same result occurs in all of them; the incineration of the cultures without apparent damage.
Burning sensation in random parts of the body.


Eden is the First Grave
First novel to deviate from the genre of crime novel, embracing surrealist elements. In it, Moroes, along with a soldier whose name is unknown, infiltrate an abandoned scientific research center, following a clue to the whereabouts of the Lady. When they reach the alleged whereabouts, a gate emerges in the middle of the room. Before crossing it, the soldier looks sadly at Moroes and returns. After crossing the door, Moroes finds himself in a daisy garden. Finally, he arrives at a house, in which he finds a woman with blonde hair and a pale face without life. The remaining pages are blank.
2 hours after completing the reading, the words  manifested on the previously blank pages. Immediately following this, all SCP-4791 instances stopped exhibiting anomalous properties.



Footnotes
1. An event frequently mentioned in SCP-4791, which allegedly happened at an unspecified time in 2019.
2. Approximately 1 bpm every 30 seconds.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 21:49
            
            Edit
+37)
Tags
Discuss (11)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Killing Floor Map Database
                      
              KFMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Puppet中文wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Employment Network of SB
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

