                        


Item #:  SCP-3636

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3636 is to be kept in a standard secure cell at Site-17. Access to the room requires Level-2 or higher clearance. All staff members involved in the testing of SCP-3636 must be provided with an up-to-date song blacklist document. Under no circumstances are songs from the blacklist to be selected.

Description:  SCP-3636 is a 155cm by 85cm jukebox similar in design to a Wurlitzer 1015 with a decorative rainbow-colored light across the top and a golden plate bearing the inscription, . SCP-3636 has no slot to insert coins and has no apparent power source.

Selecting a song through the search function will cause a list to appear consisting of every version of the song known to exist, including unreleased early versions of the song as well as every live performance by the original artist. Analysis of live events after the Foundation's acquisition of SCP-3636 confirms that the live versions are accurate to the performance listed. SCP-3636 seems to have a wide temporal range, as original performances of operas that debuted in the Baroque period have been selected.

When a song is selected, SCP-3636's screen changes to display a video with the text  by Rush shows live footage from Toronto Pearson International Airport).

SCP-3636 was discovered by local firefighters during a fire at a bar in ████████, New York that killed 21 individuals. The jukebox was found undamaged with the screen showing a video of the fire from the bar's exterior while playing the song  by Billy Joel. Class-B amnestics were administered to all survivors and first responders.

+log

-Granted




Test 1 

Song Selected:   by Pantera

SCP-3636-1 Event:  Several people in a location confirmed to be Arlington, Texas are shown making signs for a protest. Most of the signs contain the word .

Effects:  Participants in the protest expressed confusion over their involvement. Class-A amnestics administered to everyone affected.

Notes:  Arlington, Texas is the city where Pantera was founded. SCP-3636 may be aware of this fact.
附加记录：    



Test 2 

Song Selected:   by Rockwell

SCP-3636-1 Event:  A tall, elderly man with pale skin and gray hair is shown breaking into Site-17, searching for and eventually spying on Research Assistant ████ ███████, who selected the song.

Effects:  Elderly man disappeared at the conclusion of song and was not found after a complete search of Site-17. Damage to the site was found at the location the break-in occurred in the video and was immediately repaired. ███████ immediately identified the man as an uncle who physically abused him as a child. ███████ experienced severe paranoia for a week and underwent psychological treatment.

Notes:  Song added to blacklist. All future tests must be carried out by D-class personnel under supervision of approved Foundation researchers.
附加记录：    



Test 3 

Song Selected:   by Foreigner

SCP-3636-1 Event:  SCP-3636 immediately disappeared from containment.

Effects:  SCP-3636 found on top of an apartment building in New York City. Affixed to SCP-3636 was a cape with the words  written on it. A severely malnourished man was found tied up with a rope on the same rooftop, with a written confession to several murders next to him. SCP-3636 was returned to Site-17 and the man was taken to local authorities.

Notes:  Extreme deviation from the lyrical content of the song. Analysis of cape reveal no unusual properties. Further searches for .
附加记录：    



Test 4 

Song Selected:   by Weird Al Yankovic

SCP-3636-1 Event:  A man with an appearance similar to modern depictions of Santa Claus carrying several weapons assaults a large building filled with humanoid beings that look similar to traditional depictions of  After a large shootout and several explosions, the man executes five reindeer who display human-level intelligence. Several FBI agents later surround the man, arresting him.

Effects:  Subject of video remains unidentified. The FBI's Unusual Incidents Unit sent Foundation contacts documents detailing the raid on the North Pole. Destroyed building consistent with the workshop depicted in the video is found 6 miles east of the magnetic north pole.

Notes:  Song added to blacklist.
附加记录：    



Test 5 

Song Selected:   by Dio

SCP-3636-1 Event:  A group of men similar in appearance to the band Dio appears next to SCP-3636, performing the song. A man who appears to be a young Ronnie James Dio is carrying several swords. Every time the title of the song is sung, Dio takes a sword and stabs D-75529 in the chest. D-75529 seems unharmed for the duration of the song.

Effects:  D-75529 died instantly from his wounds. Autopsy confirms that all nine swords went directly through the test subject's heart.

Notes:  Test occurred after the death of Ronnie James Dio. When interviewed, none of the surviving members of Dio remember taking part in the events of the video.
附加记录：    



Test 6 

Song Selected:   by Celine Dion

SCP-3636-1 Event:  A large freight ship in the Atlantic ocean is seen hitting an iceberg. Two muscular Slavic men are seen trying to escape together, eventually they stop searching for a method of escape and stand embracing each other and kissing as the boat sinks.

Effects:  Boat found 7 miles south of Titanic wreckage. All 43 crew members were killed. Corpses of the two men depicted in the video are found still embracing.

Notes:  Song added to blacklist.
附加记录：    



Test 7 

Song Selected:   by The Beatles

SCP-3636-1 Event:  D-992103 is shown sleeping on a bench in a park located in Liverpool, England. D-992103's head has been replaced with a large jar of mustard. D-992103 is seen counting coins in a pile next to the bench. D-992103 eventually meets a woman with a name tag that says , and the two suddenly appear outside of Buckingham Palace.

Effects:  D-992103 and the woman in the video are located near Buckingham Palace. The woman is identified as D-992103's actual sister. D-992103 seems to have suffered no ill effects and passed all vision, hearing, and cognition tests despite his head still appearing to be a jar of mustard. Researchers described D-992103 as . Class-B Amnestics administered to D-992103's sister.

Notes:  D-992103 is currently being evaluated at a Foundation surgical center with updates pending.
附加记录：    



Test 8 

Song Selected:   by Oasis

SCP-3636-1 Event:  Screen remained blank for 5 seconds as a female voice said  before returning to the search screen.

Effects:  No anomalous effects observed.

Notes:  First time SCP-3636 has refused to play a song. First instance of any direct communication with the user.
附加记录：    



Test 9 

Song Selected:   by Living Colour

SCP-3636-1 Event:  Video depicts several world leaders dancing, playing air guitar, and lip-syncing the lyrics to the song while in the middle of their duties. The video ends with a montage of the same world leaders making a  off of a nearby desk.

Effects:  Embedded Foundation agents in several governments confirm the events depicted in the video actually occurred. Some world leaders suffered minor injuries from their attempted stage dive.

Notes:  Researchers noted that the song could be selected again to create blackmail material to use against anti-Foundation politicians, with approval pending from the Ethics Committee. SCP-3636 added song to favorites.
附加记录：    



Test 10 

Song Selected:   by Protest the Hero

SCP-3636-1 Event:  Several executions of prisoners in different locations are depicted, with all participants wearing blindfolds. All events are interrupted by D-22091 wearing a cheap blonde wig, begging for mercy on the prisoner's behalf. All attempts fail and the prisoners are executed without complication.

Effects:  D-22091 returned to Site 17 at the end of the video. A blonde wig was discovered under his jumpsuit. All executions depicted in the video were confirmed to have taken place with no complications.

Notes:  D-22091 was confirmed to be the only person depicted in the video with any memory of the event.
附加记录：    



Test 11 

Song Selected:   by Electric Six

SCP-3636-1 Event:  SCP-3636's containment room changes in appearance to recreate the room depicted in the original music video of the song. Two people who appear to be Electric Six singer Dick Valentine and actress Tina Kanarek in their original costumes follow the exact choreography of the video. D-91244 is shown standing in the background, holding a sign stating .

Effects:  No anomalous effects observed.

Notes:  SCP-3636 added song to favorites.
附加记录：    



Test 12 

Song Selected:   by Weezer

SCP-3636-1 Event:  Several Foundation members stationed at Site-17 are shown changing into clothing popular in the 1950s, then attending what a banner proclaims is a  held at the Site-17 dining hall. Several Foundation researchers participate in the contest. The O5 Council are shown sitting at a judges table. Dr. █████ and Research Assistant ████████ are selected as the winners.

Effects:  Events in video occurred as depicted, including transportation of entire O5 Council to Site-17.

Notes:  Video contained many in-jokes commonly shared by Site-17 personnel. SCP-3636 may have time-manipulating effects as the entire contest was held during the song's 2 minute and 40 second duration. Further testing halted by order of Site Director. Testing reinstated, see Addendum.
附加记录：    




+blacklist

-Granted


Cover versions of any songs listed below are also blacklisted.



 by Billy Joel
 by Pearl Jam
 by R.E.M.
 by The Ink Spots
 by Electric Six
 by Pink Floyd
 by Rush
 by The Aquabats
 by Metallica
 by Megadeth
 by Rockapella
 by The White Stripes
 by Tears for Fears
 by Tay Zonday
 by The Weather Girls
 by Rockwell
 by Weird Al Yankovic
 By Celine Dion
 by Warren Zevon
 by Blue Oyster Cult
 by Soundgarden

附加记录：    




Addendum:  On ██/██/17, SCP-3636 began playing  Testing resumed by order of O5. Further test results are to be documented in Experiment Log 3636.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                temporal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            25 Jan 2020 00:48
            
            Edit
+337)
Tags
Discuss (73)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            MIS 213-2
                      
              Intro to IS
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Potters Army
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            क्षत्रिय राजपूत इतिहास
                      
              क्षत्रिय राजपूत
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

