                        




SCP-2132-01



Item #:  SCP-2132

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Containment procedure 62-Tango-Foxtrot (standard containment for anomalous structures, nonurban) is followed for SCP-2132-01. Radios tuned to SCP-2132 (███.█ K███) are to be stationed at cardinal points 16km from SCP-2132-01 to monitor signal strength and extended listening range; SCP-2132 and its effects have not extended beyond 15.76km, with an average distance of 15km. In addition, both iterations of SCP-2132 are to be recorded and retransmitted through secure channels to Site-11 for observation. Three members of Mobile Task Force Iota-19 ( and win. One member is to be cycled out each month, allowing no member to spend more than three months onsite. When the game cycle has begun, all three members are to participate and wear standard-issue chest-mounted cameras sewn into their shirts for the duration of the game cycle.

Description:  SCP-2132 is a radio station designated ███.█ K███. To all outside of SCP-2132's anomalous range currently reaching a maximum of 15.76km, SCP-2132 functions as a numbers station, with a male child's voice reciting numbers and a list of colors. These readings occur every 5-6 hours and are different each time. To date, Foundation code experts have been unable to determine a meaning within the numbers. The voice is hypothesized to be synthesized due to various vocal cues (lack of audible breathing, same tone maintained throughout, etc.). Within the anomalous range, SCP-2132 largely functions as a music station, continuously playing songs from the 1920s-1950s.

SCP-2132-01 is the collective designation given to a farmhouse and radio tower from which SCP-2132 emanates, operating in the countryside of Pottawatomie County, OK. There is a hatch in the ground under the radio tower from which the station is presumed to operate, but as of this writing the Foundation has been unable to open it through conventional means (prying, blasting, melting, etc.). Digital sounding reveals only a tunnel that descends below the range of the sounding device. The hatch is inscribed with the words 1.

Every Friday between 1700 and 2000, SCP-2132's anomalous-range music will stop and a woman's voice will read this announcement:



Welcome to Misters Marshall, Carter, and Dark's Most Dangerous Fighting Exhibition and Obstacle Resort! Please adjourn to the lounge for further instructions.
附加记录：    

The message will repeat until all residents have moved to the living room of SCP-2132-01. Further testing has indicated that, should fewer than three people be in residence within SCP-2132-01, SCP-2132 will transport the nearest human being into the lounge and they will be made to participate in the game cycle (this is corroborated by the missing persons files logged by Pottawatomie County). Once there, all doors will lock and the following message will play:



Welcome to Misters Marshall, Carter, and Dark's Most Dangerous Fighting Exhibition and Obstacle Resort! Please enjoy some brandy and cigars while we prepare your playground.
附加记录：    

After approx. one hour, all doors except for the front will unlock and open. Supplies will materialize within the hall closet located near the exit; these supplies will be the only things other than their clothes residents will be able to take into the game cycle (all other foreign objects dematerialize upon exit; sewing the chest-mounted cameras into their shirts appears to have  the game cycle into treating them as clothing). The supplies always contain one first-aid kit, one map, one compass, and one thermometer. Once the supplies have been collected, the following message will play:



Please step outside and enjoy your playground. Remember, get home safe!
附加记录：    

The exit then swings open. If the residents do not immediately step out, the words  are continually repeated (up to 150db over the course of one hour, causing permanent hearing loss). If, after one hour, residents still have not stepped outside, the game cycle will begin prematurely and an entity will enter the house and forcibly eject them. Entities to date include two mature grizzly bears, a colossal squid, and a guerilla ambush from an unknown army. Upon crossing the threshold, residents are transported to a new climate containing traps, puzzles, and exaggerated, hostile creatures. The only consistency between environments is a large stopwatch-style digital display projected in the sky. SCP-2132-01 disappears, and the goal of the game cycle is to locate it and return inside by the time the stopwatch reaches 0.

Both SCP-2132 and SCP-2132-01 were discovered during a raid on a Marshall, Carter .

Testing Logs:  (The sets of supplies varies between cycles, but always contains the first-aid kit, map, compass, and thermometer)



Date:  ██/██/19██

Involved personnel:  Agent Albright, Agent Solomon, Ms. ██████ ██████

Supplies given:  Three snowsuits, bag of cotton balls, paintbrush, matchbook, safety pin, two Beretta 9mm handguns (no ammunition)

Environment materialized:  Arctic tundra, -32 degrees Celsius, snowing consistently

Outcome:  Agent Albright victory with minor bruising; Agent Solomon victory with no injuries; Ms. ██████ ██████ loss.

Notes:  Agent Albright has been officially commended for her quick thinking and resourcefulness in rescuing Agent Solomon from the  trap. Ms. ██████ ██████'s body rematerialized on the porch post-game-cycle and her death was reported to Pottawattamie County as a wild dog attack. No further questions have been posited. Number of agents guarding upped to three.
附加记录：    



Date:  ██/██/19██

Involved personnel:  Agent Albright, Agent Campbell, Agent Dubcek

Supplies given:  One set of car keys, pasta strainer, fishing hook, carton of Bluebell ice cream (vanilla), toy plane, flyswatter

Environment materialized:  Abandoned city, similar in appearance to SCP-████

Outcome:  Agent Albright victory with broken leg, request for replacement agent during recovery granted; Agent Campbell victory with scarring; Agent Dubcek victory with no injuries

Notes:  Several SCP-like entities manifested in this game cycle as  and traps, notably SCP-████ and SCP-████. Footage is currently under review to ensure there has not been a containment breach. Footage of fight between Agent Albright and Agent Dubcek currently under conduct review.
附加记录：    



Date:  ██/██/19██

Involved personnel:  Agent Dubcek, Agent Pollone, Agent Solomon

Supplies given:  16oz can of Heinz baked beans, egg beater, 2oz bottle of ink, Craftsman brand screwdriver, fork

Environment materialized:  Rainforest-style jungle, 32 degrees Celsius, approx. 80% humidity

Outcome:  Agent Dubcek loss; Agent Pollone loss; Agent Solomon loss

Notes:  First total loss on record. The bodies of Agents Dubcek, Pollone, and Solomon rematerialized on the porch post-mortem. All three were naked with chest cameras and footage gone and had the characters  painted on their chests.
附加记录：    



Date:  ██/██/20██

Involved personnel:  Agent Draper, Agent Pitman, Agent Orville

Supplies given:  Bonesaw, 17-cent postage stamp, letter opener, Ticonderoga #2 pencil.

Environment materialized:  Midwestern plains, initially thought to be a lack of materialization, proved a game cycle in 16 seconds.

Outcome:  Agent Draper victory with loss of right arm, transfer request granted; Agent Pitman loss, Agent Orville victory with minor cuts and bruises

Notes:  Someone do some research on that last thing we killed. What were the words on its chest? Why so many arms? -Agent O

The words were 3, near as I can parse from the shaky-cam. As for the arms, I have no idea. Someone's sense of humor. -Agent D
附加记录：    

Addendum-01:  On ██/██/20██, SCP-2132's numbers station transmitted the following message in Morse code:



I CANNOT THINK OF ANYTHING ELSE STOP I AM SORRY STOP YOU USED THEM ALL STOP
附加记录：    

Following this the station (including both the numbers station and the alternate music station) went silent for six hours. When they restarted, the male child's voice had been replaced with a female child's and the inscription on the hatch had changed to 4. No other changes were noted.

Footnotes
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 









‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  numbers2.jpg

Name:  RB 6125 Fairbanks radio station 1915333

Author:  Sam Stokes

License:  CC BY-SA 2.0

Source Link:  Link
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            08 Sep 2020 00:40
            
            Edit
+156)
Tags
Discuss (30)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Sparkling Victory!
                      
              Time to Spark, Time for Victory...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Paradox Haze
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Foundation
                      
              Underrepresented Languages Incubator
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            My Pride
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

