                        




A Developed SCP-4770-1, Pre-Hatching Event



Item #:  SCP-4770

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  All instances of SCP-4770 will be contained in Site-17's humanoid containment cells. No more than five instances of SCP-4770 shall be contained at any given time. SCP-4770 requires the normal amenities of a human adult except for access to food. Personnel entering SCP-4770's containment chamber are required to wear Foundation issued gas masks. Level 2 clearance is needed to bypass this restriction.

Furthermore, The Mobile Task Force  has been tasked with eradicating colonies not currently in containment. The guise of an E-coli outbreak has proven successful in covering up an outbreak of SCP-4770 due to the location of its colonies. Amnestics class B or lower is available for survivors of an outbreak.

After the events of Site-██, no cake resembling SCP-4770-1 will be served at any Foundation location.

Description:  SCP-4770 is a previously unidentified species in the genus Phronima,1 coined Phronima crustulam by researchers. SCP-4770 is parasitic and consists of a three-stage life cycle. Due to the wide physiological differences of these life stages, they have been labeled SCP-4770-1, SCP-4770-2, and SCP-4770-3.

SCP-4770-1: SCP-4770-1 is a cake composed entirely of only hardened frosting. It is, on average, 0.2 Furthermore, X-Ray analysis of SCP-4770-1 has shown the internal chamber to be hollow, which is consistent with the theory that SCP-4770-1 is an egg for SCP-4770-2.


SCP-4770-2: SCP-4770-2 appears to be the zoe4 The proboscis is then forced through the esophagus and into the stomach. SCP-4770-2 then proceeds to drains the stomach of its hydrochloric acid, dumping the liquid through an opening near the top of the proboscis. Analysis of a proboscis recovered from Site-██ demonstrated that the proboscis is lined with epithelial cells that secrete mucus similar to the human stomach. When the host's stomach is empty, the proboscis is pulled from the host and detached from SCP-4770-2. This allows the instance of SCP-4770-2 to enter the host's body by forcing itself into the stomach. SCP-4770-2 proceeds to [REDACTED], gaining control of the host's nervous and endocrine systems. This creates an instance of SCP-4770-3.


SCP-4770-3: An adult instance SCP-4770 that has undergone a hatching event. It is unknown if SCP-4770-3 is sentient. Its main objective is to lay eggs in order to spread the infection. When an instance of SCP-4770-3 is created, it immediately manifests a new personality for itself. It is currently unknown if this personality is created upon creation of SCP-4770-3 or inherited from the SCP-4770-2 instance. SCP-4770-3 will then attempt to find a suitable location to create its nest. Locations of nests have been found, as of the date of ████, as follows: bakeries, cake-shops, local grocery stores, Site-██'s cafeteria, and [REDACTED]. After creating its nest, SCP-4770-3 will produce SCP-4770-1 by [REDACTED].


Discovery:  SCP-4770 was discovered by Agent Rutteb after returning from containment of SCP-████. Agent went to the onsite cafeteria only to find numerous instances of SCP-4770-1. The report of this encounter can be found under 

After retaking Site-██, it was found that [REDACTED]% of personnel had become hosts for SCP-4770. It was soon discovered that Researcher McAllen, a Level 2 Researcher new to the Foundation, came into possession of an instance of SCP-4770-1. It is unknown how this occurred.

The following reports detail the events that took place at Site-██.

+11:50

-11:50




Agent Rutteb : 

[Note at this point command of Site-17 attempts to communicate with Agent. However, Agent Rutteb appears to not have received the message.]

Agent Rutteb : 

[At this point, Site-17 has established control of Site-██'s onsite video surveillance system. A copy of this feed can be requested from Doctor Frederick.]

[Surveillance of Agent Rutteb shows that he had been walking down a low security hallway. He appears to be equipped with a standard foundation hidden jacket radio. Nothing noteworthy appeared immediately suspicious to Site-17's control. Attempts were made to contact Site-██ control but were unsuccessful.]

[Behind Agent Rutteb, in a nearby doorway, a researcher later identified as Level 2 Researcher Jeffery Daniels appears. When he spots Agent Rutteb, a large smile appears on his face.]

Researcher Daniels : 

Agent Rutteb : 

Researcher Daniels : 

Agent Rutteb : Jeff, what has happened to you?”

[Researcher Daniels quickly grabs Agent Rutteb's wrist, locking eyes with him.]

Researcher Daniels : 

Agent Rutteb : 

[At this point, Agent Rutteb quickly frees himself from Researcher Daniel's grasp and hurries away.]

Agent Rutteb : 

[Researcher Daniels, who had produced a pipe from behind his lab coat, knocks Agent Rutteb over the head, knocking him unconscious. Several other, previously unseen researchers then appear from other doorways and proceeded to drag the limp body of Agent Rutteb into the onsite cafeteria.]

[During this time, O-5 command declared an emergency at Site-██. Site-17, being the closest site to Site-██, was tasked with the initial response. Several Mobile Tasks Forces were sent to the site; however, due to the remote location of Site-██, monitoring of the anomaly continued during the twelve-hour transport window.]
附加记录：    




+18:22

-18:22




[During the hours Agent Rutteb was unconscious, Site-17's command had been monitoring Site-██ anomaly. It was recorded that, in the cafeteria with Agent Rutteb, there were twelve non-infected individuals and thirty infected.]

[At 18:22 hours, Camera footage shows Agent Rutteb beginning to stir.]

Agent Rutteb : 

[At 18:25 hours, two of the infected began to smile and proceeds to grab one of the non-infected. The individual was soon forced through the kitchen door. Simultaneously, all of the infected chant ]

Agent Rutteb :  [Agent Rutteb can be seen sitting up in what is believed an attempt gather his surroundings. At this moment there is a terrified scream from the back room.]

Agent Rutteb : 

[Agent Rutteb, with breathing heavily audible, attempts to move closer to one of the infected individuals. The individual was identified as D-33441 by their tattoos.]

Agent Rutteb : 

D-33441 : 

[At the prompt of D-33441, all of the infected proceeded to chant  while another non-infected is brought into the back room. Another scream can be heard soon after.]

Agent Rutteb , hands visibly shaking: 

D-33441 : 

[Another non-infected was taken to the kitchen, followed by another chant.]

Agent Rutteb : 

[Another scream can be heard from the kitchen.]

D-33441 : 

[At this point D-33441 refused to answer any more of Agent Rutteb's questions, responding only with chants and screams from the kitchen.]

Agent Rutteb : 

[At 19:00 hours, Agent Rutteb is pulled into the kitchen.]

[The infected staff proceeds to drag Agent Rutteb into the kitchen and push him onto his knees. Later analysis confirmed that 3 of these individuals were of the original ten of the non-infected individuals present with Agent Rutteb earlier.]

Agent Rutteb : 

[One infected individual, identified as a member of the janitorial staff, steps forward. Leaning over and holding out his hands, the man began dry heaving vociferously. His eyes began to bulge from his head while his neck [redacted] until a single white frosting cake landed onto the floor. The entire process lasted only one minute. The cake was then placed into Agent Rutteb's palm.]

[A creature, later identified as SCP-4770-2, proceeds to leap from the cake and wrap itself into Agent Rutteb's mouth. Despite Agent Rutteb's bloodied screams, it propels its proboscis down his throat and removes a green and yellow liquid, later identified as stomach acid, before removing and detaching its proboscis. Control watched as the creature forced itself down Agent Rutteb's throat as the Agent violently clawed at his throat, coughing up blood and tissue. Agent Rutteb silenced after ten minutes.]

Janitorial Staff : 

Agent Rutteb : 

[After this point, Agent Rutteb was involved in producing ██ cakes for the remaining non-infected.]
附加记录：    




+Higher

-Rutteb




Clearance Accepted 
附加记录：    



Instances of SCP-4770-2 After Removal From Hosts.





Agent Rutteb was recovered during re-pacification of Site-██ and transported to Site-17. Immediate vivisection was performed on Agent Rutteb, who had been restrained by Agents. During the first section of the procedure, he would not stop shouting 

During the initial part of the procedure, researchers noted that minimal changes to the host's physical body structure occurred due to the parasitic host. However, upon removal of Agent's ribcage, it was found that SCP-4770-2's various appendages were protruding from the stomach lining, particularly in the fundus region6 Upon dissection of the stomach, SCP-4770-2 was found to be sluggish and soon perished. Finally, a minor tissue complex that seems to have been adapted to produce sucrose at high volumes had replaced much of the parietal cells of the stomach.

Of note, however, was that a minute after removal of SCP-4770-2, Agent Rutteb stopped shouting for approximately five minute before he began to cry. Before perishing a few minutes, Agent Rutteb had been muttering, 
附加记录：    

-Rutteb



Footnotes
1. A genus of parasitic deep-sea amphipods
2. Infant Stage
3. The average size of a human esophagus
4. SCP-4770's appendages
5. Largest, middle region of the stomach
6. A neutralizer for hydrochloric acid








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                species
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 22:00
            
            Edit
+19)
Tags
Discuss (13)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Sukhoi Superjet 100
                      
              Реальность против домыслов
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fondation NSB
                      
              Branche non-officielle de nico_s_Block
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Хроника Убийцы Короля
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Echo Bazaar
                      
              Come to Fallen London
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

