                        


Item #:  SCP-1026-J

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1026-J is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell. Personnel tasked with studies of SCP-1026-J do not need specialized equipment, as SCP-1026-J is easily subdued when not cooperative. Personnel are recommended to avoid referring to SCP-1026-J by any name to avoid passive-aggressive verbal hostilities, and the potential for SCP-1026-J's aggression to cascade to SCP-118-J levels.

Description:  SCP-1026-J is a vaguely humanoid entity with anomalous properties that appear to affect memories and information regarding its appearance. Its antimemetic properties manifest primarily around its preferred name, which is apparently impossible to remember. Subjects who converse with SCP-1026-J believe to know its name, and will often refer to it by this name in conversation, though this name is usually incorrect and often frustrates attempts to communicate with SCP-1026-J, as it will complain whenever someone gets its name wrong. Written and digitally recorded information regarding SCP-1026-J's specific appearance and name is usually corrupted or accidentally destroyed, making it as-of-yet impossible to complete a full description of SCP-1026-J.

Addendum 1: 

Interview log 1026-J-1:



Dr. Dediscos:  Could you tell me your preferred name, for our records?

SCP-1026-J:  [DATA LOST]

Dr. Dediscos:  Thank you, Bob. Now can you-

SCP-1026-J:  No, it's not Bob, it's [DATA LOST]!

Dr. Dediscos:  Alright, Larry. So, wh-

SCP-1026-J:  For goddsake, my name is [indecipherable]! It's not even an unusual name!

Dr. Dediscos:  Would you mind writing that down?

SCP-1026-J writes name on paper and hands it to Dr. Dediscos.

Dr. Dediscos:  Oh. It's just [DATA EXPUNGED]? That is a pretty common name. Now, Fred, could you-

SCP-1026-J:  OH FOR THE LOVE OF-

Endnote: The paper SCP-1026-J's name had been written on was accidentally incinerated after it was mistakenly filed with documents set aside for destruction.
附加记录：    

Interview Log 1026-J-2:



Dr. Francis:  It appears you've been uncooperative in interviews, SCP-1026-J. Would you care to explai-

SCP-1026-J:  What? That's not even a name, it's just some numbers and letters! You guys aren't even trying!

Dr. Francis:  Sir, I'm gonna need you to-

SCP-1026-J:  Fine, if you people can't be bothered to remember a name like [DATA LOST], then just call me Dr. [REDACTED]! Maybe you people won't forget THAT one!

Dr. Francis:  While a pseudonym like Dr. [REDACTED] might work in causal conversation, I'm afraid that I'm going to need your real name, SCPeter.

SCP-1026-J:  What the hell is wrong with you people?
附加记录：    

Addendum 2: 



Testing log 1026-J-1: 

Subject:  Dr. Dedisco

Procedure:  After interviewing SCP-1026-J, Dr. Dedisco was asked to describe SCP-1026-J's visual appearance to other researchers.

BEGIN LOG 

Dr. Dedisco:  

Dr. Waterstradt:  

Dr. Dedisco:  

Dr. Waterstradt:  

Dr. Dedisco:  

Dr. Waterstradt:  

Dr. Dedisco:  

Dr. Waterstradt:  

Dr. Dedisco:  

Dr. Waterstradt:  

Dr. Dedisco:  

Dr. Waterstradt:  

Dr. Dedisco:  

Dr. Waterstradt:  

Dr. Dedisco:  

Dr. Waterstradt:  

Dr. Dedisco:  

Dr. Waterstradt:  

Dr. Dedisco:  
附加记录：    

Addendum 3: 



Incident Log 1026-J-01: 

Several days after site evacuation due to a large scale containment breach, Junior Researcher Haley rediscovered SCP-1026-J after hearing loud calls of distress emanating from SCP-1026-J's holding cell. A remote audio feed recorded the following conversation:

Researcher Haley:  Wait, guys, we have an SCP-1026-J?

Dr. Francis:  Oh yeah, he's the-

SCP-1026-J:  You forgot to feed me for FIVE DAYS! If you can't be bothered to remember my name, you could at least remember that I fucking EXIST!

Dr. Francis:  Sorry Ralph, there was an emer-

The rest of the audio feed was comprised of indecipherable screaming.
附加记录：    

                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            16 Feb 2017 05:05
            
            Edit
+102)
Tags
Discuss (22)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Intro to Creative Writing
                      
              Professor Gabriel
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Trumpet exercise database
                      
              for trumpet players, students and teachers
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CI中文沙盒站
                      
              博观而约取，厚积而薄发
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            THIS WIKI CLOSED
                      
              Current Wiki @ multiversemush.com
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

