                        




SCP-2948 (1st iteration)



Item #:  SCP-2948

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2948 is currently sealed in a heat-insulated, sound-proof, air-tight, opaque Faraday cage at Area-100.

Description:  SCP-2948 is currently an implosion-type Uranium bomb that, in the event of detonation, replaces itself in a larger container with a larger payload. The size that SCP-2948 replaces itself at occurs at an exponential growth rate of 37.6% between iterations. The explosive capacity of SCP-2948 has scaled with its physical growth. SCP-2948 has changed explosive mechanism and triggers, but has retained basic nuclear technology congruent with the year 19462 of SCP-2948 were to detonate, it would release approximately 1.09 PJ of energy.

SCP-2948 currently has a 5 day timed trigger, and six known extraneous triggers: temperatures outside the range of approximately -5C° and 25C°, sound levels above 40 the extraneous triggers have been impossible to disarm without prematurely detonating SCP-2948.

SCP-2948 was designed by a team headed by Dr. Paslie Maddison for the American government during The Manhattan Project and Operation Crossroads between 1944-1946. SCP-2948 was created after an attempt to develop a more efficient and attainable fissile material for bombs' cores resulted in an experimental fuel reactor melting down. Approximately 60kg of a previously unidentified isotope of Uranium (now known as Uranium-240) was recovered from the site of the meltdown. The new material was slated to be used in SCP-2948 shortly after it was deemed to be a suitable explosive.

SCP-2948 was successfully detonated under the test name . SCP-2948 had not been observed reforming in the debris and water of its previous detonation, and was consequently neglected until it detonated under water again, 5 days later. The American government launched an investigation for the unprecedented explosion, and, after recovering SCP-2948, contacted the Foundation. SCP-2948 was stricken from the public record, and 27 members of the press were administered Class-C amnestics.

Addendum SCP-2948-A:  Discovery made on ██/██/197█

Dr. Maddison was admitted to ██████ ████ hospital in ████████, Nevada, for a case of radiation poisoning. Upon investigation, a massive warehouse in the ██████ Desert was discovered with enough parts and material to build approximately 12 nuclear warheads, several of which were in various stages of construction and decay. 4 small nuclear reactors were also discovered, 3 of which had been intentionally melted down and stripped for material. It is currently unknown how Dr. Maddison managed to acquire as much nuclear material as he did, but it appears that he purchased most of it illegally, some time shortly after he retired in 1949. Only 4kg of Uranium-240 was recovered from the warehouse.

110 sequentially numbered notebooks were also recovered from the warehouse. The notebooks contain notes, schematics, and essays in handwriting congruent with Dr. Maddison's that alternate between Dr. Maddison's attempts to reengineer the repeating properties of SCP-2948 in other war heads, and several extensive drafts of a manifesto describing the need to ensure world peace by distributing instances of SCP-2948 to many of the world powers. Dr. Maddison believed that if one country destroyed another, the repeating bomb that the bombed country had received would detonate in the blast as well, and eventually the world would be destroyed from a series of exponentially growing explosions. Several of the notebooks' later entries illustrate Dr. Maddison's frustration from being unable to develop Uranium-240 as efficiently as had been done accidently during the Manhattan Project.

Dr. Maddison's notes become increasingly illegible and repetitive near his final work. Shortly after his hospitalization, he was diagnosed with dementia caused by late stage Alzheimer's Disease. It was deemed impractical to administer an amnestic to Dr. Maddison, and instead, upon request by the Ethics Committee, Dr. Maddison was admitted to Site-17 for therapy.

Footnotes
1. SCP-2948 randomly alternates between Uranium implosion-type and Uranium gun-type devices
2. SCP-2948 is currently on its 10th iteration.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                weapon
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            25 Jun 2020 04:35
            
            Edit
+97)
Tags
Discuss (39)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Killing Floor Map Database
                      
              KFMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Biblioteca Digital Curt Nimuendajú
                      
              livros e artigos sobre línguas sul-americanas
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Signaturbogen 2.0
                      
              4.000 signaturer, 2.500 kunstnere
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Ens Dictionary
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

