                        


Item #:  SCP-728

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-728 is to be kept within a class IV containment vault at Sector-██. To date the item has shown no activity to warrant anything other than standard security procedures to prevent unauthorised access.

Description:  SCP-728 appears to be a standard shipping container, 12.19 however, no such designation has ever been assigned to one of their containers. Analysis of the material used in constructing the container has found it to be made from terrestrial metals, though not in any combination usually associated with the construction of shipping containers.

The interior space is consistent with that of a standard shipping container, with the exception that it is constantly at a comfortable temperature and light level for human occupation, despite no methods of heat regulation or lighting being present.

When the doors are closed, the interior space experiences the flow of time differently from the outside world. This difference is neither consistent nor predictable, with the flow of time capable of both speeding up and slowing down, and in some cases apparently reversing. Any equipment which could be used to record the flow of time, such as stopwatches, will function normally within the container. However, upon opening the doors such devices will suffer a catastrophic failure and completely cease to function, with all data being erased. This extends to all data recorded while the doors were closed, and so far no medium has been found which can resist this effect, save for pen and paper. For this reason, the only reliable method to record the passage of time within SCP-728 is through the use of a human observer.

SCP-728 is as vulnerable to damage as any object made from [DATA REDACTED]; however, perforating the container causes the primary effect to no longer function. Any damage inflicted upon SCP-728 appears to “undo” itself after a random amount of time, possibly as a side effect of SCP-728’s ability.

Experimentation Log:  Experiments consisted of sealing a person/persons within SCP-728, measuring how much time passed in the outside world, and comparing this to the subject’s experience measured with a standard watch.



Date:  06/07/20██

Researcher:  Dr. ██████

Subject:  D-7466

Time elapsed:  5 minutes

Subject’s Experience:  2 hours

Date:  06/07/20██

Researcher:  Dr. ██████

Subject:  D-7466

Time elapsed:  1 hour

Subject’s Experience:  1 minute 30 seconds

Date:  06/07/20██

Researcher:  Dr. ██████

Subject:  D-7466

Time elapsed:  1 hour

Subject’s Experience:  N/A

Researcher's Note:  Subject’s body was found in a sitting position against the rear wall of SCP-728, apparently mummified. Tests dated the body as approximately ████ years old. Subject’s hands were severely damaged, with multiple fractures and lacerations. Subject’s right leg was broken. An organic compound was found on the doors of SCP-728 which was identified as [DATA REDACTED].

Date:  06/07/20██

Researcher:  Dr. ██████

Subject:  D-9558

Time elapsed:  1 hour

Subject’s Experience:  N/A

Researcher's Note:  When SCP-728 was opened, subject was no longer present. Testing suspended for today.

Date:  06/10/20██

Researcher:  Dr. ██████

Subject:  D-9558

Time elapsed:  66 hours

Subject’s Experience:  N/A

Researcher's Note:  When questioned as to how much time had passed, subject was adamant we’d never closed the doors.

Date:  06/10/20██

Researcher:  Dr. ██████

Subjects:  D-9558, D-8627, D-4513

Time elapsed:  1 hour

Subjects' Experience:  N/A

Researcher's Note:  Subjects were interred within SCP-728 with enough rations to last all three men five years, as well as a supply of notebooks and pens. Subjects were instructed to keep a record of their experiences while inside. When the container was opened, all three were found dead. Subjects D-9558 and D-4513 had both suffered severe beatings, and apparently died from their injuries. Evidence suggests that their bodies had been disemboweled and subjected to acts of [DATA REDACTED]. Subject D-8627 had died from disembowelment, apparently self inflicted.

The logs were apparently kept as specified for █ years, before slowly degrading into unintelligible ranting. Similar writings were found on the walls of SCP-728, written in the blood and faeces of all three subjects, although fingerprinting identified that D-8627 was the only writer. Analysis of the faeces found that, in all three cases, it was most likely taken directly from [DATA REDACTED].
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                temporal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 13:07
            
            Edit
+153)
Tags
Discuss (46)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Liminal Sandbox
                      
              Sandbox for the Liminal Archives
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bozic Nation
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RTD1261 MediaPlayer
                      
              Tweaking the Realtek RTD1261 Mediaplayer
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiNorron
                      
              Almost as good as the guide, maybe better!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

