                        





RAISA Notice 

The following document has not

been revised since 13 Jan 1940.

As such, it has been labeled archived

by Foundation Records and Security.

Information contained here may be

significantly outdated.
附加记录：    




Entrance to SCP-3855 in 1929 (right).



Item #:  SCP-3855 (ARCHIVED)

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3855 is currently under Foundation control, and has been repurposed as a safehouse for local New York agents. Former patrons of The Secret Spirit have been issued amnesiacs[sic] - RAISA and remaining members of the Chicago Spirit associated with the bar have been apprehended. A guard detail is currently posted near the exterior entrance to prevent unauthorized access.

Under no circumstances are non-Foundation personnel to be informed of the existence of SCP-3855 or its activation phrase.

Description:  SCP-3855 is a two-story building located in Manhattan's Lower East Side in New York City. From 1921 to 1930, SCP-3855 was a speakeasy run by the Chicago Spirit, an anomalous crime organization active throughout the early 20th century. Known as , its owners served imported liquor and wine to well-connected members of American organized crime, including those who also dealt in anomalous artifacts. Much like the organization's original eponymous Chicago bar, The Secret Spirit also had a second floor that was used to sell anomalies to its patrons.

SCP-3855 represents the first known usage of  Absent this trigger, memories related to SCP-3855 will be made inaccessible, and persons visiting it will be unable to recall their location during the time spent there. Recordings and photographs of SCP-3855 can be made, but memory of their contents will also be lost without the trigger.

History:  SCP-3855 was opened as The Secret Spirit in February 1921 at the instruction of Chicago Spirit leader Richard D. Chappell, representing the crime syndicate's first expansion into speakeasy management in the New York area. Wanting to avoid the attention of both law enforcement and rival organizations, Chappell gave SCP-3855 its anomalous properties via unknown means. The anti-meme capabilities of SCP-3855 were not replicated by any other known Spirit establishment, although records may be incomplete due to the inherent information redacting properties possibly associated with said establishments.

Unlike speakeasies run by Chappell's organization in the Chicago area, The Secret Spirit was selective with its clientele and carefully screened all customers before giving them knowledge of the trigger phrase. During the initial opening phase, it was debated whether or not to open the first floor of the speakeasy to regular patrons, but this was ultimately deemed impractical.

Owing to its anomalous properties, both the Foundation and the New York City Police Department were unable to learn of the existence of or locate SCP-3855. Although the owners wished to expand the business and the anti-meme properties of it to other parts of Manhattan, Chappell vetoed the idea, writing in a 1927 letter recovered after his capture:



I didn't get as far as I did in the business by entertaining every damn fool idea someone brings up to me. I got here by being careful. If we fill New York with speakeasies nobody can remember, people are going to start noticing they can't figure out where they were every weekend night. We've got a golden goose, and just because the goose isn't studded with diamonds doesn't mean we need to go rob a jewellry store.
附加记录：    

Discovery:  On November 23, 1930, Secret Spirit co-owner Albert Jones was arrested by the NYPD on burglary charges after his ex-wife reported that he had attempted to break into her Brooklyn apartment. After his Chicago Spirit affiliation was confirmed by police, prosecutors offered him a reduced sentence on his burglary charge and immunity from any charges related to other criminal activities he was involved in in exchange for knowledge of the Spirit's New York activities. Jones accepted, and soon after revealed the existence of The Secret Spirit. Once SCP-3855's anomalous nature and trigger phrase became known to police, Foundation agents embedded in the NYPD informed their superiors of the anomaly and the latter began formulating plans for a raid on The Secret Spirit.



File photograph of Albert Jones (1895-c. 1932)



SCP-3855 was acquired by the Foundation on Christmas Day, 1930, when the speakeasy was raided and shut down after a tip from Jones that Richard Chappell would be present in it for Christmas celebrations. For uncertain reasons, Chappell learned of the raid ahead of time and returned to Chicago the previous day. After a thorough scan by medical personnel determined that SCP-2680 was not being manufactured at the location, SCP-3855 was repurposed as a safehouse and remains under Foundation control.

Albert Jones was relocated to Maine by US federal authorities as part of a protective custody program, and lived in Bangor until October 27, 1932, when he disappeared while walking home from his job at a local grocery store. His hat and jacket were found approximately one kilometer from the store and there was no physical evidence of a struggle, nor any reports of another person following him by eyewitnesses. A note was found in the jacket pocket which read 

No records of Jones' fate were found following the 1933 shutdown of the Chicago Spirit, though he is presumed deceased at this time.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 21:51
            
            Edit
+83)
Tags
Discuss (8)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Il Set di Dev
                      
              LAngolo di Scrittura di Dev, non solo SCP
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Desenvolvimento de Jogos
                      
              Tecnologias para uso no desenvolver jogos
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RPC機構
                      
              研究、保護、収容
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Criminal Justice Collaboratory
                      
              Colby Community College
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

