                        


Item #:  SCP-5886

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-5886 is seemingly self-contained within Humanoid Containment Chamber #1939 (HCC-1939) at Site-42. Testing of SCP-5886 has been suspended until feasible means of doing so are found.

Description:  SCP-5886 appears to be a dark-skinned male, approximately aged in its late teens or early twenties. Since its discovery, the subject has been completely motionless and intangible. The only evidence to SCP-5886's identity is its T-shirt, which bears the words  written in black marker. A background check into the name James Biggio turned up a missing person's report for the subject out of Athens, Ohio, dated December 4th, 2013.

Attempts to remove the bed SCP-5886 is lying on result in personnel appearing outside of the containment chamber with no memory of leaving the room. Adjustments to temperature within the chamber are similarly reversed.

Discovery Log:  SCP-5886 manifested inside of HCC-1939 on October 7th, 2014. Janitorial staff discovered the subject lying on the bed and alerted site security. Security unsuccessfully attempted to apprehend the subject before contacting research staff.

Addendum SCP-5886-1: Disappearance 

On August 18th, 2020, the Pegasus Rising Project1 successfully created a wormhole for a span of 5 microseconds, causing a power outage throughout Site-42. Upon a safety check of containment chambers, SCP-5886 was missing from its chamber; a note was left in its place. The contents of the letter are transcribed below.



The snowflakes froze mid-air.

So did everything around me. The cars on the street, my parents I screamed at them. I pushed my dad and he hung in the air, frozen like the snowflakes. I called for help. I searched through town for anyone who would move. I walked around for hours. The whole town was stone still.

I don't know when I fell asleep, but when I woke up, it was still night. I went back for my parents. My dad had moved. Not in front of me, but he wasn't hanging in the air. He was half-way from where I left him and the ground. My mom was looking at him now.

I stayed with them for a while, but eventually I went exploring. I stopped in a restaurant and picked up some food. Left some cash, not that it matters at this point. While I was eating on a bench, I saw a hummingbird floating in the air next to the bushes. It had this beautiful red color under its throat, and I sat and watched it. After an hour or so (I'm guessing, my watch and cell phone are useless), I noticed its wings were moving. Not that I could see, but it was definitely halfway from top to bottom when it was at the top before.

In my time like this, I've read every new book in every library I've come across. Not a lot of TV shows I can watch. A ruby-throated hummingbird beats its wings 50 times every second, and it took an hour and a half for it to move halfway.

I've helped people too. People in front of cars about to get hit? Falling off a bridge? I've saved lives. But then they just stare off into nothing. I want to say I got used to not being thanked, but

This fucking sucks.

I found one of your guys in a library in Chicago; they had dropped a bunch of books with pictures of a weird blue mouse and I saw a logo I didn't recognize on their badge. I came here and found your library. The things you guys research here are incredible. God, I wish I could see some of it in action.

Then I saw this thing you guys are calling Pegasus Rising; a wormhole to another dimension? Finally, something different, maybe someone I could talk to.

So I picked an empty cell and stayed here. Stayed still long enough that you guys could actually see me. And now you don't.

Thanks for the room.
附加记录：    

SCP-5886's reclassification to Uncontained is pending.

Footnotes
1. A Site-42 based trans-dimensional experiment with the goal of providing a means of evacuation in case of a failure to avert an XK-Scenario.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            22 Aug 2020 22:27
            
            Edit
+104)
Tags
Discuss (17)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCR公司
                      
              安全.收容.研究
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CalU Secondary Education Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Wanderers Library
                      
              Fiction from another world.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Tradicional
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

