                        


Item #:  SCP-2631

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  The four SCP-2631-A instances are monitored by the Foundation CRUCIFORM SNARE satellites preceding them in orbit by 500m. Additionally the JPL Sentry Program has been co-opted to report any relativistic objects in the solar system to the Foundation. In the event that any of:

CRUCIFORM SNARE observes any change in activity by SCP-2631-A.
A signal matching within 70% of the presumed  signal is detected.
A relativistic object is detected by Sentry.


O5 command is to be notified immediately, CRUCIFORM SNARE will arm automatically, and Mobile Task Force Sigma-31 () is to be placed on alert. At the discretion of O5 command a 99-Tripurantaka order may be initiated at any time thereafter until O5 command issues an all clear order.

+Only

-Accepted


Upon receipt of an authenticated 99-Tripurantaka order the following must be carried out:

CRUCIFORM SNARE control will transmit the  order to each of the satellites.
CRUCIFORM SNARE 1 through 4 will collide with their respective SCP-2631-A instances and detonate the on-board nuclear warheads.
MTF σ-31 air assets will be scrambled to intercept any objects deployed into the atmosphere and destroy them prior to landing with their AIM-26C tactical nuclear missiles.
MTF σ-31 ground teams are to deploy to any suspected landing sites and employ their Mk54 SADM man-portable tactical nuclear warheads if deemed necessary by team commanders.
A Foundation wide alert is to be issued warning of an immediate probable XK and/or NK-end-of-the-world scenario. This alert is to be passed to all partner organizations and to the Global Occult Coalition through normal emergency channels as well as to the Chaos Insurgency through backdoor emergency channels.
All site directors and containment teams for the Keter class anomalies included in 99-Tripurantaka are to unseal and carry out their orders.





Cover identities for the four CRUCIFORM SNARE satellites have been established and are maintained by Mobile Task Force Gamma-5 () are to be on watch for any subsequent increase in unexplained cognitive phenomena.

Description:  SCP-2631 is the collective designation for phenomena related to the four bodies (SCP-2631-A-1 through -A-4) surrounding the Earth at 90˚ points in geostationary orbit.

SCP-2631-A are artificial satellites of extraterrestrial origin. They are each featureless black spheres four meters in diameter. Each is surrounded by a field of unknown origin that bends light around the sphere and renders them invisible to electromagnetic sensors beyond 2km. Following incident 2631-2008A, it is known that the satellites are able to open and deploy payloads from the interior into the Earth's atmosphere. They are capable of sending and receiving tight-beam microwave communications1 to and from unknown entities in the Kuiper Belt. During incident 2631-1987A, the array acted as a neutrino source for unknown reasons, and simultaneously apparently induced medium-term human neurocognitive anomalies worldwide. It is also surmised that they possess extensive sensors monitoring the Earth and possibly throughout the solar system.

SCP-2631 was first detected when a signal was intercepted by chance by the Big Ear Radio Telescope in 1977. Subsequent covert investigation by the Foundation eventually located the array in 1986 and it was physically inspected by Foundation astronauts in 1993. It is unknown how long the array had been in place prior to discovery.

Addenda: 

+Incident-2631-1987A

-Incident-2631-1987A


On February 23rd, 1987, the Kamiokande II and Baksan neutrino detectors registered the neutrino flux associated with Supernova 1987A. Three hours prior, the Mont Blanc liquid scintillator as well as the Foundation's neutrino detector at Area-179 detected a flux that was not related to SN1987A. It was determined that the flux originated with SCP-2631-A and was presumably timed to use the cover of the supernova. Immediately following this spike, incidents of SCP-2001 were elevated 164% over normal, and didn't return to mean for over a year.




+Incident-2631-2008A

-Incident-2631-2008A


On October 25th, 2008, SCP-███ partially breached containment (see the SCP-███ casefile). Within one minute, each SCP-2631-A was observed to open and deployed 116 objects into the Earth's atmosphere. These objects were radar-reflective and approximately 10kg) contain twice as much material as the initial landers. Under electron microscopic analysis, the ash contains complex fragments of nano- and pico-meter scale structures as well as large amounts of nanoparticulate graphene dust.

A computer modeled reconstruction of this material has determined that it is very likely (p0.26)3. All collected material is currently stored in the level-V self-replicator containment at Area-105, where it remains completely inert.

Also within a minute of the containment breach, a tight beam signal directed from SCP-2631-A-1 towards the outer solar system was detected. Nine hours, 12 minutes later an object was observed in the direction of the signal at approximately 35 AU from the Sun with a strong blue-shift and an estimated peak velocity of 0.2c. After SCP-███ was successfully recontained, SCP-2631-A-1 sent a second signal. Five hours 16 minutes later the relativistic object changed course at approximately 18 AU from the Sun. 14 hours later the object disappeared after crossing Earth's orbit. This object's presumed vector would have resulted in a collision with the Earth4 approximately 12.5 hours after the second signal if it had continued to accelerate.

13 minutes after the second signal was detected, a third, more complex signal, significantly broader band than the previous signals (139.6-170.8 Ghz), was intercepted. This signal lasted for 540 seconds. A portion of it has successfully been decrypted with 16-Qbit quantum decryption and translated via information gained from study of [DATA EXPUNGED].



Fortunate report

Perceived conditions for comprehensive immediate correction action

Subject designation 6,376 condition type [untranslatable] resulting from type [untranslatable] designation 6376-4315

Restructure action active.

Destruct fail-safe active.

Perceived corrective action by music-makers ongoing.

Music-maker action successful. Subject 6,376 neutral.

Corrective actions deactivated.

This one indicates fortunate feeling. Destruction of Subject 6,376 regrettable. Transformation/destruction of music-makers regrettable. Experiment results promising.
附加记录：    




Footnotes
1. With a wavelength of 1.5-2.5mm and frequency of 139.6-150.2 Ghz.
2. The probability of these structures having naturally occurred is p0.0015.
3. Multipurpose molecular-scale dry nanomachines.
4. Based on its probable mass and velocity, the energy released by this collision would have significantly exceeded the gravitational binding energy of the Earth, resulting in an XK-end-of-the-world scenario.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            10 Dec 2018 22:33
            
            Edit
+138)
Tags
Discuss (46)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Wayward Society Sandbox
                      
              Even secret societies need to draft.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            pre dev wiki
                      
              Lets open this beast up
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Liminal Sandbox
                      
              Sandbox for the Liminal Archives
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Cuil Theory
                      
              A Mathematical unit of Surrealism.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

