                        


Item #:  SCP-2895

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2895's containment chamber is a solitary arachnid wildlife containment unit in Area-12's arachnid wing. The interior of any chamber or container SCP-2895 is held in should be covered in at least 4cm of wax, as this has been found to prevent SCP-2895 from bonding with the walls of its containment chambers. Personnel are to enter the containment chamber to scrape this wax off and re-apply once every month to clean it. Animal handling safety equipment is available as an option to these personnel.

Once every six months, samples are to be taken from SCP-2895's carapace. As it has already exceeded a normal arachnid lifespan, biological samples are to be continually taken for further study and analysis. SCP-2895 can be given reward tests if it cooperates with sampling procedures. See testing log for more information.

Description:  SCP-2895 is an Arizona Bark Scorpion, with a 'V' shaped pigment on its carapace. It is identical to non-anomalous scorpions with the exception of its tail, which lacks a stinger and ends in a soft, fleshy piece of exposed tissue devoid of pigmentation.

SCP-2895 behaves similarly to normal Arizona Bark Scorpions. Occasionally, SCP-2895 has been documented suffering apparent seizures or random muscle spasms, but these do not appear to be life threatening. If confronted by a threatening force, SCP-2895 will attempt to hide or flee, and will only begin aggressive behavior if cornered.

Any solid objects SCP-2895 contacts with the end of its tail will experience sudden biological fusion with its body. The end of SCP-2895's tail grafts itself onto the exterior of the object, and SCP-2895 will then be able to lift it regardless of the actual weight of the object. This object will then take on SCP-2895's body temperature. Integrated objects with conduits for liquid may begin generating Crotalus atrox1 venom. SCP-2895 does not initiate or control this effect, as it happens automatically upon contact. Detachment appears to be initiated by SCP-2895, although it appears to cause some discomfort.

SCP-2895 was initially contained in a gated community outside of Scottsdale, AZ, USA, after reports of a mass hysteria incident involving its effect. Agents were able to pacify SCP-2895 by approaching in large numbers. A cover story regarding a small tornado has been disseminated to explain the damages, with deceased subjects being cremated.

Addendum:  SCP-2895 Testing Record.


SCP-2895 TESTING LOG 



Notes:  The following tests were conducted shortly after containment to gather data on the nature and limits of SCP-2895's effect.


Log Format 



Test Objects: 

Procedure: 

Result: 

Notes: 
附加记录：    




Test Objects:  One(1) cotton pillow, stuffed with down feathers.

Procedure:  Pillow introduced to testing chamber. SCP-2895 released into testing chamber.

Result:  After two(2) minutes, SCP-2895 integrated itself with pillow. The pillow was almost immediately soaked with venom, and began sagging and dripping before being discolored a dark purple color. After ten(10) minutes, testing was discontinued.

Notes:  Baseline test.
附加记录：    



Test Objects:  Junior Researcher Pimentel

Procedure:  D-Class personnel instructed to enter SCP-2895's containment chamber and interact with it. Junior Researcher Pimentel was informed of SCP-2895's effect and given safety goggles and animal handling gloves before entering the chamber.

Result:  SCP-2895 continually fled and hid from Junior Researcher Pimentel. After this continued for several minutes, SCP-2895 integrated one of Junior Researcher Pimentel's gloves, causing them to retreat from the chamber. Test was discontinued.

Notes:  Routine containment chamber upkeep assigned to Junior Researchers Pimentel and Parks.  Dr. Glover
附加记录：    



Test Objects:  One(1) Eaton Viking Washing Machine, 1988

Procedure:  Washing Machine is carried into a reinforced heavy testing chamber by Junior Researcher Alleyn and Junior Researcher Pimentel. SCP-2895 is released into the testing chamber.

Result:  After four(4) minutes, SCP-2895 attached the washing machine to its body. Although it momentarily was put off-balance, SCP-2895 quickly proceeded to attempt to strike the walls. After this did not achieve any results and the washing machine was badly dented, SCP-2895 ceased integration.

Notes:  Interior of washing machine was discovered to be full of venom, internal metallic components were severely corroded.
附加记录：    



Test Objects:  One(1) Medical Needle

Procedure:  Needle dropped into testing chamber. SCP-2895 is released into the chamber.

Result:  Almost immediately, SCP-2895 integrated itself with the needle. It proceeded to walk the perimeter of the room, striking repeatedly at the floor with its tail. This behavior persisted for two(2) hours before the test was discontinued.

Notes:  SCP-2895 seemed to enjoy this test. Possible avenue of rewarding it for cooperative behavior.  Junior Researcher Alleyn
附加记录：    



Test Objects:  Six(6) Ordinary Bark Scorpions

Procedure:  SCP-2895 introduced into wildlife containment chamber identical to its normal containment unit, with the other scorpions already inside.

Result:  Although SCP-2895 immediately succeeded in using its effect on one of the other scorpions, this only caused that creature to immediately lose its stinger and shrivel on the end of SCP-2895's tail. The rest of the scorpions in the chamber, although on average smaller and weaker than SCP-2895, were able to corner and were preparing to sting it before testing was immediately halted.

Notes:  Further testing has shown that SCP-2895 displays extremely submissive behavior in the presence of other arachnids, even if separated by glass or if the other creatures are only juveniles.  Junior Researcher Cohen
附加记录：    



Test Objects:  Paintbrush, can of black paint.

Procedure:  Paper draped over the walls of testing chamber to enable more accurate brushstrokes, should SCP-2895 utilize the object as it is intended to be used.

Result:  Once attached to the paintbrush, SCP-2895 briefly experimented with the brush before beginning to draw crude diagrams of small scorpions. Notably, these drawings all depicted scorpions with normal stingers, with SCP-2895 appearing to put specific emphasis on these parts of the drawings. SCP-2895 was able to draw eleven scorpions in ten minutes before testing was discontinued.

Notes:  Test was done as a measure of SCP-2895's possible sentience. Due to the results, further testing with SCP-2895 requires the permission of at least two Level 3 personnel attached to the SCP.  Junior Researcher Khabbazeh
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Western Diamondback Rattlesnake








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            12 Oct 2017 19:59
            
            Edit
+113)
Tags
Discuss (20)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Zombie Cafe Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Tales of Daeren
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Extra Bees
                      
              Plugin for the Forestry Mod
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Metroplexity
                      
              Learn the secrets of Metroplex
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

