                        


Item #:  SCP-1352

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1352's enclosure is located in an isolated valley in Nevada, and is equipped with storm shelters. The entity is permitted to wander around the premises of the enclosure under the supervision of at least one security guard. The enclosure is 5km2, and the perimeter fencing must be rooted 10m into the ground to prevent dislodging. Debris must be made available within the enclosure for the entity to interact with. Personnel entering the enclosure must acquire authorization from the Site Director. Proper protective equipment must be worn by personnel within the enclosure at all times. Should the entity attempt to leave the enclosure, guards or personnel are to use verbal commands to prevent it from breaching containment.

Description:  SCP-1352 is a sentient dust devil1 with a behavior similar to those of domesticated pet-animals. Anemometer readings indicate wind speeds of at least 60km/h, but they shift with the mood of the entity.

SCP-1352 has a preference for interacting with humans, and carries small debris with it for this purpose. After interacting with people, the funnel will shrink to three meters in height and the entity will attempt to surround the person/s as a sign of happiness. If excited, wind speeds and funnel size rapidly shift between the 60 and 100km/h. If SCP-1352 is not capable of interacting with people, it will either coerce people into interaction through various methods or entertain itself.

SCP-1352 has displayed signs of intelligent behavior. It has the ability to manipulate the wind it generates to pick up and place items weighing up to 500, allowing easier containment methods. Testing of SCP-1352 has continued, and currently the entity can perform more complex tasks such as arranging objects into specific patterns such as shapes, and solving simple problems e.g., matching objects.

Addendum:  Debriefing with Agent ████ after capture of SCP-1352



Interviewed:  Agent ████



Interviewer:  Dr. ████



 



Dr. ████:  Please recall how you captured SCP-1352.



Agent ████:  My pleasure, but I wouldn't exactly call it . Anyhoo, after they called us in we tracked the sucker to the coast. There, we found him wandering around picking up some trash on the beaches. I'm not sure why, guess he was bored.

Dr. ████:  How did you approach it?

Agent ████:  Well at first we surrounded him. This only aggravated him, and he started to grow in size. The wind was really picking up, so we backed away. We weren't able to call for backup, it was causing some sort of radio interference. He just stayed at that spot, trying to suck us in. Agent ██████ got sucked up and was thrown several feet away.

Dr. ████:  How hurt was he?

Agent ████:  His back was broken. I couldn't go to him 'cause the twister was right over my head. I thought I was gonna die, then the wind died down, and I saw the twister was getting smaller. Next thing I know it tossed this piece of wood next to me.

Dr. ████:  Okay then. In what manner did you react to that situation?

Agent ████:  (Drinks from a glass of water) At first I was just lying on the sand wondering why this thing didn't kill me. The twister was moving side to side, like he was waiting for something. I put my hand on the wood, and it started moving faster and faster. I picked it up and he grew taller. He was getting really excited on the chunk of wood. So I threw it away from us, and he wasted no time fetching it. Anyways we went to our teammate and called for a med team. We stopped when the twister tossed the same hunk of wood at me and was just sitting several feet away. Lead Agent ██████ said to me,  he said. All the while it was just sitting there waiting for me to throw the wood again.

Dr. ████:  So how did you contain it?

Agent ████:  We just played fetch until the Recovery Team showed up. Besides, bullets can't do shit on him so why bother. In the end, we managed to lure it into the holding container, but someone had to stay with him, or else he'd get mopy and make another ruckus. We ended up drawing straws, and Agent ███ drew the short one. I'd have to admit, that was my favorite. We still visit him now and then, and he even said sorry to Agent ██████.

Dr. ████:  Thank you for your time.

 
附加记录：    

Addendum:  Communication Attempt

On the morning of █/██/██, field researchers discovered a large debris formation created by SCP-1352. The pattern was too large to be seen from ground level, requiring the use of an unmanned aerial vehicle. At 300 meters, the pattern was revealed to be the word . Subsequently, the Director has authorized further communication experiments with SCP-1352.

Footnotes
1. The entity displays characteristics of major whirlwinds, but it has been classified as a dust devil due to its lack of a cloud base and the intense electrical activity it generates.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            16 Oct 2019 02:17
            
            Edit
+164)
Tags
Discuss (39)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Early Childhood Program Administration
                      
              Resources, Training, Best Practices, Sharing
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Smallworld GIS Wiki
                      
              Help and references for the Smallworld Community
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Karma-Lab
                      
              KARMA Technology and the products incorporating it
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AdventRO Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

