                        



WARNING: HMCL Approval Required
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This file is accessible to personnel with Level 4/General - Level 1/3461 Clearance. If investigation into the changes to your employee contract has brought you here, contact the Office of O5-4 for Level 1/3461 Clearance.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Item #:  SCP-3461

Object Class:  Thaumiel

Special Containment Procedures:  The development of SCP-3461 is a Class IX research priority.

O5-4 has been designated as the HMCL of SCP-3461, to coordinate all involved departments and approve cross-testing of relevant SCP objects.

To facilitate SCP-3461-α, the Foundation Disinformation and Theology Departments are to receive 40% budget increases for the 2046 fiscal year.

The O5 Council has authorized the use of the PANDORA Protocol to carry out SCP-3461-β.

Under the SCP-3461-γ initiative, a current total of 021 anomalies have been reclassified as Thaumiel-class, and a total of 083 anomalies have been reclassified as Maksur-class. A comprehensive list is available in Appendix-3461-γ.

The physical components of SCP-3461-δ are to be kept in dedicated, maximum-security containment facilities. No Foundation personnel, except for maintenance engineers with Level 5/3461 Clearance, are authorized to enter the components' respective containment chambers. Component-specific containment procedures are available on a need-to-know basis in Appendix-3461-δ.

Efforts to extend SCP-3461 to the civilian population are underway.



I'll keep things concise for now. This effort, while tangential to primary containment, is no less important. It is aligned with the Foundation's zeroth goal, and thus has its full backing.

- The Administrator
附加记录：    

Description:  SCP-3461 designates a multi-faceted Foundation project to engineer an afterlife hospitable to humankind.

SCP-3461-α is a worldwide implementation of the Triumvirate agreement, the Foundation is obliged to help the Horizon Initiative in creating . Such efforts are to focus on advancing SCP-3461-α through the discovery and/or forgery of manuscripts that support this soteriological narrative.



There is nothing sacred to the Foundation. Truth and falsehood are only as valuable as they are useful. What is happening here is no different than what has been done for decades, centuries, even millennia.

It's a small comfort, I know. Even if you presuppose that the Foundation was just .

- Yusuf Zafarul, Theology Department Head
附加记录：    

SCP-3461-β is the neutralization of all verified, inhospitable afterlives under Foundation purview. This serves to funnel human consciousnesses into Foundation-approved afterlives, created and maintained by the other components of SCP-3461. Under the PANDORA Protocol, the utilization of all assets available to the Foundation, including anomalous objects, is permitted to accomplish this objective.

SCP-3461-β-ABRIDGED-LOG:REQUIRED

CREDENTIALSVERIFIED



Pertinent Anomalies
Neutralization method


SCP-1844
MTF ω-144 instructed to utilize SCP-475 and to pour resultant liquids into SCP-107. Sustained testing over the period of forty days successfully extinguishes SCP-1844 and terminates associated tartarean entities.


SCP-3304 SCP-████
SCP-3304-1 reassembled, reproduced, and put back into service. Technology from SCP-2481-2 has been reverse-engineered and integrated into SCP-████'s SRA network, to counteract any possible affects on baseline reality.


SCP-4069
[REDACTED]


SCP-4009
The Mozart Administration was given the means of reproducing SCP-1012, as well as misleading information as to its musical/aesthetic properties. The dimensional aperture to SCP-4009 was closed the day SCP-1012 was scheduled to play.


SCP-3667
SCP-1557-B instances transported to SCP-2731 and SCP-3667. This led to reoccurrence of event 1557-Epsilon, with all ice cream and SCP-3667-2 instances disappearing from their respective anomalies. SCP-1557-1 now notes the breaking of the .


SCP-████
Technology derived from SCP-1576 has been reverse-engineered and integrated into SCP-████1, allowing easy access to and retrieval from SCP-2922-C. Operation Percival is underway to establish a permanent base of operations and to negotiate with native entities, with the goal of preventing further entry of human soulforms.


SCP-3211
You can fit square pegs into round holes.


SCP-███
DATA EXPUNGED]








 These are drastic measures. Consciously or subconsciously, your mind is filling in the gaps.

There is no impetus for this initiative, no hitherto-unknown threat rearing its head, no XK-Class Apocalypse happening ahead of schedule. The world is in no more or no less danger than it always is. I promise to you all that it won't end tomorrow, or the day after, or the day after. The more cynical of you will question if it's my promise to make.

We aren't fatalists here. If nothing else, it's bad for employee morale. If you have a high enough clearance to access this file, you'll have an inkling of the kind of threats that loom over humanity's head. You'll think that we've gotten desperate.

SCP-3461 is neither an admission of defeat nor a shift of priorities. It, like every other entry in this database, represents a duty the Foundation is beholden to.

- O5-4, HMCL Supervisor
附加记录：    

SCP-3461-γ is MTF α-0 (), an esoteric taskforce composed primarily of Type VI Volitional Spiritual Apparitions. This main squadron is supplemented by a number of Pistiphagic, Tartarean, Infomorphic, or Ectomorphic Anomalous Entities serving as secondary assets. MTF α-0 is tasked with the neutralization of threats to SCP-3461, typically those that prey on human soulforms, offer type-6 geases, or inhabit Leibniz-class dimensions. A secondary function of the taskforce is to safeguard human soulforms until exit from baseline reality.

SCP-3461-γ-ABRIDGED-LOG:REQUIRED

CREDENTIALSVERIFIED



Taskforce Asset
Details


SCP-049
DATA EXPUNGED]


SCP-3004
PoI-6870's secondary anomalous properties, gained from the execution of Protocol Damnatio ad Bestias, make him suited for esoteric combat with Pistiphagic entities. PoI-6870's cooperation is contingent on non-interference treaty with GoI-████.


SCP-3540
SCP-3540-1 and SCP-3540-2 agree to act as intermediaries to similar psychopompic entities, provided that their containment protocols concerning halloween festivity are loosened.


SCP-3899
SCP-3899 has suspected psychopompic properties. All attempts at recruitment have failed. Attempts at termination are not advised. Low priority target.


SCP-4069
SCP-4069-B, after conversation with the Administrator, offered its services to the Foundation. It has since neutralized SCP-3434 and SCP-4069. Refer to SCP-3461-δ for more details.


SCP-4999
Communication with SCP-4999 has been achieved. Attempts to enlist it have thus far stalled, but the subject appears amiable to civilian deployment of SCP-3461.








Extra-planar warfare has come a long way since the early days of Identity Warfare Training.

The Foundation as has seen some change since those days. We're better equipped and better prepared then we've ever been. Alpha-Zero is emblematic of that change, enlisting anomalies we previously jailed, fighting entities we didn't even know how to classify before. And unlike certain other agencies, we're capable of coexisting with the anomalous, without drafting it or killing it. On top of all that, we're safeguarding Foundation personnel from entropy itself. Soon, all of humanity is going to bear that privilege.

I never thought I would get to see so many saints.

- Amos Sanchez, MTF α-0 Senior Adviser
附加记录：    

SCP-3461-δ refers to an artificial afterlife created by the Foundation, designed as to accommodate and comfort an arbitrarily large amount of human soulforms, indefinitely. Further details are restricted to Level 5/3461 personel.

SCP-3461-δ-LOG:REQUIRED

CREDENTIALSVERIFIED



Component
Details


SCP-███
[DATA EXPUNGED]


SCP-158
Research into SCP-158 has expanded Foundation understanding of soul composition, and the manipulation thereof.


SCP-963
Incorporation of SCP-963-2 binds soulforms to SCP-3461-δ, preventing unintentional soul emission or degradation.


SCP-2987
Code salvaged from SCP-2987 is used in forensic tools that monitor the state of SCP-3461-δ's occupants.


SCP-3703
Due to the Orkney Crisis rendering them otherwise unnecessary, extraneous SCP-3703 instances have been repurposed to provide power to and ward SCP-3461-δ.


SCP-4005
Thaumaturgic runes reverse engineered from SCP-4005 allow the restructuring of SCP-3461-δ, as to fit the desires of its occupants without conflict.


SCP-4069
SCP-4069, having been modified by SCP-4069-B, serves as the dimensional substrate on which SCP-3461-δ is superimposed on.








I'm sure quite a few of you are on this page due to a recent amendment to the Level 4 benefits package:  Concise, I know. Justifiably, you'll have your reservations. But there are no strings attached, there is no twist. Upper management has decided that each human being is entitled to paradise, and thus set about to create an artificial, pleasant afterlife. Your spirit, should you entrust it to us, will be put in various states approximating eternal bliss. Should our specialists determine that something has damaged it, or should your post-mortem consciousness withdraw consent, we'll cease experimentation and let natural processes occur. You soul won't be kept in a vat, or fed to a dark elder god, or used in bargaining deals with demons.

As the containment procedures imply, this offer will trickle down to the lower clearance levels. Eventually it'll be rolled out to the public.

Some of you might be concerned about the logistics of the situation, or question if this gift should be given to  individuals.

Is that not the mission of the Foundation? To ensure the peace of every man?

- Odongo Tejani, Ethics Committee Chairman
附加记录：    

Addendum:  The following note is appended this document by High Command. It has been issued to all Foundation members with Level 1/General Clearance or higher.

OPENNOTE

CLOSENOTE





The Foundation exists for the betterment for mankind. 

While our organization concerns itself with the preservation of normalcy, this is merely a means to an end. At the onset, we prided ourselves as a humanitarian effort. Doing good by keeping the natural order, maintaining a precarious peace. This holds true, but we didn't know the full scope this mission entailed.

It seemed like the more we advanced, the more daunting our duty was. As our numbers rose, so did theirs. The more we learned, the more we realized what we started out with didn't make sense.

But we must keep mankind protected.  And we've now found ourselves in the position to do the ultimate good.

I won't sweep aside the sacrifices and moral calculus that we've had to do, but this is the opportunity to to ensure the safety and sanity of every soul. We can make up for every wrong.


We are here to serve. 

- The Administrator 







Footnotes
1. A Thaumiel-class object. The anomaly it was intended to neutralize has since been designated Archon-class.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                the-administrator
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 23:16
            
            Edit
+68)
Tags
Discuss (12)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            AGIAT
                      
              Agencia global de investigación de amenazas taumatúrgicas
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Space Epic Untitled
                      
              From KUMA Games
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CST 133 A
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bisgmit
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

