                        




Interior view of SCP-108



Item #:  SCP-108

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-108 is contained entirely by Subject 108-1. Subject 108-1 should be contained in a standard containment cell measuring 3 filters to be changed as necessary.

Description:  SCP-108 is accessible through the nostrils of Subject-108-1. Subject is an African-American female, 51 years old (see Addendum 108-1), who was previously employed as a cashier at █████ ██████ ███████, a small town hardware store in ████████████, Kentucky. Since █-██-████, SCP-108 has been housed at Site-17.

Endoscopic examination of SCP-108 reveals that the area accessible via the subject's nostrils is not the human nasal cavity, but rather a bunker system of Nazi German construction dedicated to the production and maintenance of WW2-era Messerschmitt Me 262 fighters. Exploration via robotic endoscope reveals that the bunker system has internal dimensions of approximately 2km, with the long axis parallel to the main entrance/exit portal. While the exploration is by no means complete, SCP-108 is believed to contain hundreds of airframes under construction on its assembly line as well as three completed aircraft. There is also a large quantity of human remains in the complex, particularly concentrated around the entry/exit portal, with the corpses of Nazi officials, military personnel, Hitler Youth, and civilians (possibly Ukrainian slave workers) in an advanced state of decay. Evidence of a firefight near the entry/exit portal supports the hypothesis that the German military personnel were swarmed by the civilians and were killed in the ensuing struggle. Some corpses show signs of cannibalism.

Robotic endoscopic exploration continues, and high discharge LED lighting (assembled piecemeal using the  area with a kind of double airlock with blast doors large enough to admit two fully assembled fighters. A production line exists which would allow damaged fighters and deliveries to enter on one side of the hangar door, and finished fighters to exit on the other side. Turning the endoscope head 180 degrees reveals the open doorway as an area of total blackness with two nostril-shaped penetrations in it. One nostril-shaped penetration is connected to whichever nostril is admitting the endoscope, and the other is connected to the interior of a human nasal cavity. DNA testing reveals the nasal cavity belongs to the subject. The black area is impenetrable and absorbs all wavelengths of light that the endoscope can carry. The black area is elastic and yielding when probed.

Apparently the portal system is a unique three-way arrangement. If the outside world is designated A, the interior of the Me 262 factory is B and the subject's nasal cavity is C, then traffic is as follows:

Anything (including gasses and light) going from A end up in B.
Items going from B end up in C.
Items going from C end up in A.


Presumably in 1944 it was intended that C and A were to be the interior and exterior of a double hangar at Tempelhof based on the architecture of the hangar doors.

Addendum 108-1:  Subject claims that she was training to perform the  and performed at the children's party to the delight of her nephew.

Approximately a week later, after ignoring numerous complaints about the smell of her breath, subject was diagnosed with pneumonia and placed on a course of Roxithromycin. Pneumonia responded to antibiotics, but recurred a week later. Her general practitioner also noted that nasal examination with an otoscope showed simply blackness, rather than the inside of the nose. After admission to hospital with chronic pneumonia, examination with a 1 through the endoscope. Specialist examination notes were kept in a digital patient management system and intercepted by the Foundation in a routine ██████-████-██████-███-█████ sweep.

The subject was recovered without incident by Task Force Epsilon-9 disguised as High Risk Warrant Team officers in a pre-dawn raid in June of 19██. By the end of the cleanup operation the GP, ENT, 11 hospital personnel and two civilians were terminated. The subject was examined by Foundation staff and provided her with air-filtration units which could be passed through her nostrils piecemeal and assembled like a . The filtration filling must be removed on a regular basis when it gets expended (roughly once a week) as the subject is essentially inhaling the atmosphere of a formerly-sealed Nazi mass war grave.

Although initially hostile toward the Foundation, the subject has responded well to enhanced psychological conditioning protocols and now accepts her situation. A plan has been proposed in line with the  of all critical Foundation data at Site-62 in SCP-108: Data could be written on to MicroSD cards or similar compact non-volatile media and inserted into the subject's nostrils, provided some way to house the subject in a safe location is assured in the event of an XK-class scenario. Research continues to find a way to move the entrance of the dimensional portal from the subject's nostrils to another location and to discover the physical location of the bunker to determine if alternative access is possible.

The original galvanized-iron nail has yet to be found.








‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  SCP108interior

Name:  U10 Innsbrucker Platz.jpg

Author:  Jcornelius

License:  CC BY-SA 1.0

Source Link:  Wikimedia
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                structure
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            17 Aug 2020 19:37
            
            Edit
+443)
Tags
Discuss (93)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Sistemas Digitales
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Story Chip
                      
              Become a part of history, share your story.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Oblivion Reloaded :: UO Shard
                      
              oblivion reloaded shard
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            A Shining Brainless Beacon
                      
              I Have a Special Plan for This World
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

