                        


Item #:  SCP-3159

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Popular media and the internet are to be monitored for references to SCP-3159, with amnestics to be administered as required.

Description:  SCP-3159 is a radio signal in the 116-118 when this does occur, listeners usually assume they are listening to a parody or a practical joke.

SCP-3159 features episodes of The Jerry Springer Show. The general format parallels the non-anomalous version of the show, with each episode focusing on relationship problems stemming from immoderate or socially proscribed behavior. Voice spectrography reveals a 99.17% match for Gerald Norman Springer, with the difference of 0.83% consistent with a case of chronic laryngitis affecting the host of SCP-3159 but not Mr. Springer.

Remote sensing has not revealed a physical source for SCP-3159. Notably, no known technology is capable of creating a spatially localized electromagnetic signal without a source that can be detected by means available to the Foundation. It is currently believed that SCP-3159 originates from a parallel universe.

+4/8/98

-transcript




The following excerpt features Stella, whose voice suggests a woman in her late teens, and Logan, whose voice suggests a man in his early thirties.

Stella:  I don't fucking believe this shit.

Logan:  It didn't mean nothing.

Stella:  It's likehow do you even fuck an alien?

Logan:  Baby, theres no need for that.

Stella:  You son-of-a-bitch, yes, there is. Tell me, how'd you even do it with that round thing? They don't have holes.

Jerry:  The girl raises a good question.

The studio audience laughs and breaks into a chant of  lasting approximately 15 seconds.

Logan:  You don't touch em or anything. You just think thoughts and thenyou know. Kinda like getting porn straight into your brain.

At this point, a sound resembling a conch horn is heard. Across a battery of tests, listeners consistently report that the sound made them intensely uncomfortable, and that immediately afterwards the image of a man sniffing a bouquet of flowers appeared in their minds.

Jerry:  I think we just got our answer.

Logan:  It ain't cheating if there's no touching, am I right?

Stella:  You telling me you mind-fucked that piece of blubber?

Audience hoots and jeers. An audience member is heard yelling 

Jerry:  Now Stella, you know the b-word is fraught with unfortunate racial connotations.

Stella:  I don't give a shit! That fat sack of

Jerry:  I think we all need a little breather. We'll be right back after these messages from our sponsors.
附加记录：    



The following ad is narrated by an older female who speaks in measured tones, alongside a younger female with a quick, chirpy voice.

Older female:  Let's face it  we all know someone who fell prey to a flytrap ATM.

Younger female:  I was just about to go into the bank when I decided to get a coffee first. When I returned, the ATM was chewing through the remains of the last customer!

Older female:  Don't become food for an interdimensional being.

Younger female:  That could have been me.

Older female:  That's why at Meridian Bank, our ATMs have the distinctive gold-and-crimson patterns that are so hard to emulate. A recent study by the North American Consumer Protection Association found that Meridian lost fewer customers to flytraps than any other mid-size bank.

Younger female:  Meridian: shop safe.
附加记录：    



This following ad is narrated by a young, hyper-masculine voice, with occasional interruption by hissing sounds. Although these sounds do not correspond to any known language, listeners were unanimous across an array of tests in assigning the same meaning to the hisses.

Narrator:  Are you having trouble pleasing women? Do you happen to be a little on the small side, down there?

Hissing:  I am hungry.

Narrator : I hate to be the one to tell ya, but penis extension is a lie. Don't throw your money away on creams or pumps. They don't do anything.

Narrator:  But there is one way that is 100% guaranteed to give you the result you want!

Hissing:  So very hungry.

Narrator:  For a modest fee, we here at MonoRaptor would be willing to intercede with Quetzalcoatl for you. Big Q will get you all the thickness and girth you need.

Narrator:  There is just one teensy little catch: the Quez will want some of your memories.

Hissing:  I will see the world through your eyes.

Narrator:  But hey, you've got plenty of memories, am I right? Do you really need to remember all your snot-nosed childhood friends?

Narrator:  Contact a MonoRaptor agent today.
附加记录：    



After a few beats from the Jerry Springer theme song, the show returns to applause from the studio audience.

Jerry:  And we're back. Before we quit for today, Logan has one more thing to tell us.

Logan:  Yeah. Baby, this aint easy for me to say. Stella, sweetie, I'm pregnant.

Stella:  What?

Logan:  Yeah.

Stella:  What the ██████████████ you ███████████████████████ piece of ███████████████████████!1

Logan:  Come on, baby.

Stella:  We're through you motherf..wait, where's it even going to come out of?

Jerry:  Aaaaand that's all the time we have for today, folks.
附加记录：    




Manifestations of SCP-3159 have included references to 

The low signal strength of SCP-3159 has made triangulation challenging; at present, the location of the transmission can only be localized to a 50km2 region within Okaloosa County, Florida. It is anticipated that within 6-8 years, it will be possible to pinpoint the originating location to within approximately 300m2. This will allow the Foundation to identify the spatial point where the boundary between the two universes is permeable to radio signals; in turn, this will enable the Foundation to either send a message, or install a jammer to ensure that no transmissions from our world get through.

The O5 council has voted several times to pursue the latter course of action. However, opinions on this matter are far from unanimous. Detractors point out that the universe in which SCP-3159 originates appears to possess a number of advanced technologies, with many possibilities for mutually beneficent exchange. Moreover, it has also been suggested that one might form a rather negative opinion of our own universe if the sole source of information about it was The Jerry Springer Show.

Footnotes
1. Blacked-out text corresponds to expunged words in SCP-3159 (colloquially known as ).








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 19:05
            
            Edit
+245)
Tags
Discuss (36)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Oracle Database
                      
              All things oracle...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            BATTLESTAR GENESIS MUSH
                      
              battlestar.isunlimited.net    3012
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Evil Hat Productions Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Never Lands
                      
              Never Lands
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

