                        


Item #:  SCP-1116

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1116-1 through -6 and -8 are to be kept in individual 5m x 5m x 3m containment cells at Site-██. Each cell is to be shielded against radio-frequency transmissions of up to ███ W transmissive power with frequencies ranging from █ Mhz to ██ Ghz. All electronic monitoring and communications equipment must be hard-wired with shielded cabling. No wireless communication devices are permitted within ███ m of any instance of SCP-1116. Site-██ is to maintain on  two (2) frequency-agile RF jamming devices of at least ██ kW output, to be activated in case of containment breach by SCP-1116. No specimen of SCP-1116 is permitted above ground at any time unless fully enclosed in a container with the specified shielding. Line-of-sight to the sky must be blocked at all times.

Each cell is to contain one (1) chair constructed of non-metallic, non-conductive materials, secured to the floor and equipped with mechanical restraints and waste disposal facilities, as well as three (3) wide-spectrum RF antennas connected to software-defined radio receiving equipment. All recorded radio transmissions from SCP-1116 specimens are to be forwarded to Site-█ for analysis.

Specimens are to be fed three (3) times daily, with processed food only. Use of restraints during feeding is mandatory. Specimens must be led through calisthenics two (2) times daily, using vocal commands - see Schedule 1116-C█ for approved exercises and Document 1116-B█ for known command phrases and current macros. Cells are not to be opened during exercises; remotely-operated audio equipment is to be utilized, hard-wired and shielded as per above specification.

All testing of SCP-1116 specimens is to take place either within the specimen's own containment cell or within a testing chamber shielded to the same specification. Transport between containment cell and testing chamber is to take place under armed guard, with the specimen restrained and both RF jamming devices activated. During transport and testing, all verbal interactions between researchers and/or security staff are to be confirmed by hand signal (see Addendum 1116-1).

The remains of SCP-1116-7 are to be kept in cold storage at Bio-Research Area-12 for further analysis.

Description:  SCP-1116 is a group of 8 7 humanoids of varied race and gender, with apparent ages between 20 and 35 years. All initially appear to suffer from catatonic stupor, including symptoms of catalepsy. Specimens will swallow food and water when placed into their mouths, but will not chew. Specimens will remain in a given position when physically manipulated into said position. Specimens will attempt to maintain homeostasis (including sweat, pupil dilation, and fluctuations in respiratory and heart rate), but will not detectably react to pain stimuli (including heat, pressure or puncture), sexual stimuli (including both displayed images and manual stimulation), or environmental threats (including extreme cold, extreme heat, starvation, dehydration, or large predator animals).

SCP-1116 specimens show no evidence of volition, but will respond to a limited number of verbal commands (eg. ), and can remember a sequence of commands for later execution when preceded by a macro phrase (see Document 1116-B█ for more details). This command vocabulary is extremely narrow, however, including only references to gross motor functions, simple counting, and a small number of basic spatial relations.

CT scans of SCP-1116 revealed specimens to possess  noises corresponding to periods of radio transmission. Cryptographic analysis of outbound transmissions is ongoing - current evaluations indicate they are likely connection requests using an unknown protocol.

Addendum 1116-1:  After the events of Incident I-1116-23, it has been determined that the cranial antenna of an SCP-1116 specimen can be used to produce localized pockets of heated air, creating sound waves audible only to individual personnel. Multiple survivors of Incident I-1116-23 claimed they heard orders which were determined never to have been given, contributing to and prolonging the containment breach of SCP-1116-7. Containment procedures have been updated accordingly.

+I-1116-23

-I-1116-23




Document# I-1116-23 

Date:  ██/██/20██

Location:  Site-██

Description:  During transport from cell to testing chamber, SCP-1116-7 accessed a laptop left 1██ m away with its wireless networking enabled, and through it circumvented Site-██ network security. Audio recordings indicate that coincident with the network breach, subject made a brief  sound, then proceeded to become active and breach containment, resulting in the deaths of ██ researchers and █ security personnel, as well as subject's escape from the facility.

Subject was re-engaged █.█ km away after an additional ██ minutes, and was fatally wounded in the ensuing firefight. Transmissions did not fully cease, however, until subject's cranium was destroyed.

Forensic analysis of the network breach has yet to determine the full extent of the compromised data, but given the █-band frequency emissions detected from subject for the duration of its time on the surface, estimates put the total data leakage at up to ███ GB.
附加记录：    










                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            10 Nov 2019 14:34
            
            Edit
+77)
Tags
Discuss (34)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Corwyn
                      
              A Fantasy  Campaign Setting
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            COSCUP WIKI
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Mac Video Tutorial
                      
              Mac OS X video tutorial i18n subtitles project
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            jQuery EasyUI
                      
              easyui help you build your web page easily!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

