                        


Item #:  SCP-3910

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3910 is to be kept in a locked containment locker in Site-16. No personnel are allowed to remove the object from containment unless permission has been obtained from Dr. Williams.

Description:  SCP-3910 is a box containing nine pieces of colored chalk. The exterior of the box is colored orange and contains no other markings or identifying features. Along with the nine pieces of chalk, the interior of SCP-3910 also contains a sheet of paper with nine colored symbols on it. Each of these symbols seems to correspond with a color of chalk found in the object.

The colors of the chalk are as follows: black, pink, brown, yellow, red, purple, orange, green, and blue. The pieces of chalk have remained the same size, even through constant use and testing. The main anomalous property of SCP-3910 occurs when a symbol from the sheet of paper is drawn with the appropriate color of chalk on any surface.

Upon completion of the symbol, a door of varying shape and size will manifest on the surface the symbol was drawn on. Opening the door will lead to what is theorized to be a pocket dimension, which differs depending on the symbol drawn.1 Testing has shown that some stimuli within the pocket dimension(s) are not visible on camera. For this reason, testing was performed using D-Class subjects. See the table below for details.


Color of Chalk
Description of Door Manifestation
Description of Pocket Dimension


Black
An automatic glass sliding door manifested on the testing room wall. Vision of the other side was obscured by a dense white mist.
Upon entry, subject found themself in a building that resembled a Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV), devoid of human life. Opening doors inside of the building lead to  of the same room. Exploration concluded after travelling roughly 5 kilometers without variation in building layout.


Pink
A red barn door manifested on the testing room wall.
See Exploration Log 3910-02 for details.


Brown
A wooden door composed of an unidentified tree bark manifested on the testing room wall.
Subject found themself in a swamp. Weather consisted of constant precipitation of varying types. Rain, snow, and hail were recorded all falling at the same time. The only notable discovery in this area was the decomposing body of a domestic pig (Sus domesticus). Exploration concluded after travelling roughly 3 kilometers.


Yellow
A large metal door resembling a bank vault door manifested on the testing room wall.
Subject found themself in an exact replica of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Two cars were reported on the track, driving in opposite directions. They were later confirmed to be a Bugatti Veyron and a Volkswagen Beetle. Approximately every 30 seconds, the two cars would collide, taking heavy physical damage. The cars would then reverse, seemingly repairing as they reversed around the track and hit each other on the opposite side. This pattern repeated indefinitely. Testing was concluded after █ hours of observation.


Red
A subway car door manifested on the testing room wall.
See Exploration Log 3910-05 for details.


Purple
A door similar in appearance to the sarcophagi found in Exploration Log 3910-05.
Upon entry, subject found themself in a dark, cramped space. It is theorized that this was the interior of one of the sarcophagi. Subject became distressed when the way back appeared locked. Subject's distress increased as slits opened and [DATA EXPUNGED]. No attempts have been made to retrieve equipment or remains of subject.


Orange
A wooden door manifested on the testing room wall.
Subject found themself in a log cabin situated in what appeared to be a temperate forest. Subject was instructed to leave cabin and explore the forest. Subject complied. Audio feed picked up the sound of rushing water. When subject was nearing the source of the noise, movement was recorded in the treeline to the subject's right. Subject immediately became non-compliant and retreated back to the cabin and Site-16. Subject has been sent back to cell.


Green
A standard metal door with an  sign attached to the front.
Subject found themself in a seemingly deserted shopping mall. All stores appeared closed and the view inside of them was obscured. Examples of these stores include: A pet store that seemed to exclusively carry reptiles,2 an entire sewer system, and an exact replica of the Center for Disease Control Headquarters.


Blue
A section of the wall transformed into a 2x1m rectangle composed of ice. Pushing against it caused it to open in a manner similar to a door.
See Exploration Log 3910-09



+

-3910-02


Subject D-1321 was provided with standard exploration gear, including:

An 8 watt flashlight with extra batteries
A head mounted video camera for live feed
A two way communicator
Three meal bars
Two 1.5 liter water bottles
A tether that was attached to D-1321 before the test
A backpack
A compass




 

  The camera is activated. D-1321 is facing a rural landscape. A corn field can be seen to the left, and rows of wheat fields are seen in the distance. Another building is seen in the distance, but it is too far away to identify.

  D-1321 turns around to face the point of entry. A barn is visible, apparently where D-1321 came out of. The tether rope is seen exiting the door.

  D-1321 is instructed to turn around and to start moving towards the other visible building. Subject complies.

. Control denies hearing anything and on playback of video and audio feed, nothing can be heard. D-1321 is instructed to continue.

 the wheat in the wheat fields are visibly swaying more and the audio feed picked up the wind. Subject is instructed again to keep moving to the building, which appears to be an old house.

 and turns around. At least four tornadoes of varying size and strength are visible in the distance behind D-1321. Subject becomes distressed and begins to remove their tether. Control does not object at this time, as removal may increase chance of survival. D-1321 begins to run to the house.

 D-1321 is instructed to enter it and barricade the door to shelter from the storms. D-1321 complies instantly.

 Permission is granted.

 only simple farming tools and rotten fruit can be seen. D-1321 stops again and asks control if they heard anything. Control states that they have not picked up audio once more. When asked to describe the noise, D-1321 states it sounding feminine and adds that they hear it continuously. D-1321 is instructed to find the source of the noise and complies after some convincing.

  Subject states that the source of the noise is coming from behind a door in the cellar. D-1321 is instructed to open it and complies. Opening the door reveals a storage room filled with bags of grain. Two decomposing corpses are seen in the room. One appears to be a female in early adulthood, the other a male in later adulthood. Both are nude and have multiple lacerations and puncture wounds in the abdominal area. D-1321 shows abnormal behavior, walking up to the corpses and asking if they are OK. Control does not interrupt and D-1321 continues, apparently having a conversation with the female corpse. In debriefing, it was confirmed that D-1321 perceived the corpses as living humans who were also hiding from the storms. Their conversation consisted of [DATA EXPUNGED].

  The noise outside has greatly reduced and D-1321 is instructed to leave the cellar. The subject complies and it is clear again. D-1321 is then instructed to walk back to the original barn and go back through the barn door. Subject complies and returns to the testing room in Site-16 without further incident.

 
附加记录：    




+

-3910-05




 

  Camera activates. D-1321 appears to be in a subway station. This is confirmed when D-1321 turns around and it is revealed that they have just exited a subway car. D-1321 is instructed by control to find a way to get to the surface. Subject complies.

 the area proves too big and the length of the tether will just obstruct D-1321's progress.

  Subject returns to Site-16 and tether is removed. D-1321 is given ten cans of yellow-green spray paint to mark their path through the city. D-1321 is then released back into the subway and makes their way back to the surface.

  D-1321 has made it back to the surface and begins heading to the closest skyscraper. D-1321 enters to find themself in a mostly empty white room. Elevator doors are in the back of the room. The rest of the room is devoid of furniture, barring crudely made stone sarcophagi that line the walls. D-1321 is instructed to approach one for examination. It appears that each one has been individually hand carved. D-1321 is then instructed to move into the elevator and go to the highest floor. Subject complies.

  Subject exits elevator into a room that is visually identical to the first room, the only difference being glass walls. Sarcophagi still line the walls. D-1321 is instructed to view the city from all four sides of the room. A wall can be seen surrounding the city, about three fourths the size of the building D-1321 is in. However, because of the distance, it is difficult to see what lies beyond the wall. Therefore, it is decided that D-1321 should exit the skyscraper and move towards the wall. D-1321 complies and begins the descend down the building.

  At this point, D-1321 is outside and moving towards the wall. Sarcophagi can be seen through the windows of buildings and many can be seen standing upright on street corners. D-1321 spray paints lines into the ground as they move forward.

  D-1321 has reached the base of the wall. Sarcophagi line the outside of the wall. Lifts can also be seen on the outside of the wall, about one every 100 meters. D-1321 is instructed to enter a lift and take it to the top of the wall. D-1321 complies.

  The lift reaches the top of the wall and D-1321 exits. D-1321 is instructed to look over the wall and they comply. D-1321 imminently becomes distressed. All that is visible over the wall are corpses, too close together to see the ground. D-1321 does not respond to verbal commands from control. Suddenly, D-1321 beings to run back to the lift and takes it down despite control demanding them to stop. D-1321 run back to the subway and back to the door that leads to Site-16, where they are immediately taken in for interview.

 
附加记录：    

The following is an excerpt from the interview that took place after Exploration 3910-05



Interviewer:  Dr. Williams

Subject:  D-1321

Dr. Williams:  Why did you run D-1321? What did you see?

D-1321:  There were just so many of themI didn't know what to do. I was just frozen in fear at first. You know how you just lock up and can't even think of anything? That's what I was going through.

Dr. Williams:  Forgive me, but I don't understand. It was a lot of corpses, sure, but for you to react like that to them doesn't make sense to m-

D-1321:  Corpses? Was that camera busted or something? Those weren't corpses, man. It was people. Thousands and thousands of people, tearing each other apart. You could just feel the anger, the hate radiating off of them. All of it directed at each other. And then one of them spotted me and they all justIt's like all that hate was suddenly being directed at me. I ran, so what? Anyone would have done the same thing.
附加记录：    




+

-3910-09


Upon entering, D-1265 found themself in a frozen wasteland. D-1265 imminently came back and was issued arctic survival gear. D-1265 proceeded to go back into the doorway and continued the exploration.



 

  D-1265 has returned from Site-16 with arctic gear. Due to the lack of visible landmarks, they are instructed to pick a direction and continue along it. If nothing is found within three kilometers, D-1265 is to return to the doorway. D-1265 complies.

 Control stops asking about personal status from now on.

  D-1265 is about 1.5 kilometers into the wasteland when a shape becomes visible in the distance. Subject is instructed to head towards the landmark.



  As D-1265 gets closer to the object, visibility becomes worse. Precipitation mixed with wind and fog make it difficult to tell what the object is. D-1265 advances.

  D-1265 stops as they get within 50 meters of the object. When instructed to get closer, D-1265 replies by stating that it will see them if they get any closer. From this distance, the object appears to be a stone statue.

. D-1265 at this point looked up and at the object before becoming extremely distressed and shouting, most of which was unintelligible.

. D-1265 stumbles and falls. The camera is dislodged and lands on the ground, facing the sarcophagus.

. D-1265 walks into the sarcophagus and it closes.

  The camera feed stays online until the camera runs out of battery. The view is of the outside of the sarcophagus. The only visible mark is an inscription that was written on the bottom of it: Lasciate ogni speranza, voi ch'entrate.

 
附加记录：    

The language was found to be ancient Italian of the Tuscan dialect, and translates to , a line found in Canto 3 of Dante Alighieri's Commedia.




Footnotes
1. It is currently unknown if these are nine separate pocket dimensions or one connected one.
2. It is unknown how these animals survived without food. Subjects have been brought back to Site-16 to test for anomalous properties.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                tool
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 18:14
            
            Edit
+129)
Tags
Discuss (28)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Vakfı Sandbox
                      
              Atış poligonu
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Shadowrun: Denver
                      
              Complicated Shadows
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fondation NSB
                      
              Branche non-officielle de nico_s_Block
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wanderers Library Sandbox
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

