                        


Item #:  SCP-361

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-361 is to be kept in a standard Artifact Containment Unit in Site-19's High Value wing. SCP-361 is to be kept in a cool and dry environment to prevent damage to the aged metal it is composed of, and thoroughly cleaned after each use.

Description:  SCP-361 is a bronze Etruscan artifact, in the shape of a sheep's liver. SCP-361 is covered in the names of Etruscan gods and instructions for various religious rites, and is believed to have served as a tool for practicing haruspicy- divination using animal organs. SCP-361 bears a strong resemblance to the non-anomalous artifact known as the Liver of Piacenza, with which it was originally found during the late 19th century. Both artifacts date to the 2nd-3rd century BCE, to the province of Piacenza, Italy.

SCP-361's anomalous properties manifest if it comes into contact with a sheep's liver, removed no more than three (3) hours before interacting with SCP-361. When such contact is made, SCP-361 will vocalize (in a language and tone appropriate to the one introducing the liver to it) a set of instructions meant to achieve contact with one of the gods or spirits depicted in the writings covering it, through a service it refers to as . If these instructions are performed correctly within a period of thirty (30) seconds, SCP-361 will provide a new set of instructions. SCP-361's instructions will grow increasingly convoluted and/or nonsensical, until becoming almost impossible to perform under the given time limit. Failure to follow an instruction will cause SCP-361 to become inactive for a period of twenty-four (24) hours.

Test Log SCP-361 



Test-361-A

Stage 1:  A sheep's liver is introduced to SCP-361.

Vocalization:  Welcome to HarusCo! Your sacrifice is very important to us! For Tinia the Thunderer, please perform a horizontal incision on the offering. For Aita of the Underworld, please perform a vertical incision. For Maris, lightly cover your offering with the ash of a dead warrior related to you by blood.

Stage 2 : A horizontal incision is made.

Vocalization:  You have selected Tinia. For your weekly meteorological divination, please singe your offering over an open flame for five seconds. For warning bolts, please place a green olive on the altar. For beseechments and beneficial interventions, please attach a written consent from the Consulate Gods. For Catastrophes, please remove the head of an adult ox and hold.

Stage 3:  The liver is singed over an open flame.

Vocalization:  You have selected weekly meteorological divination. For your local forecast, please perform the seven sacred rites of Tinia while avoiding the anger of the mildew spirits. For forecasts for other areas, please perform the rites upon a boat of three masts or more. For a marital forecast, please consult with your local priestess of Uni.

Stage 4:  Researchers were unable to comply with the instructions in the given time frame.

Vocalization:  No input was received, this sacrifice will be disconnected. Thank you for using HarusCo, Rasna's #1 divination and deistic petition service for more than two thousand years! The Gods are looking forward to your next call!

[SCP-361 enters inactive state]
附加记录：    

Addendum SCP-361-A:  In order to examine the limits of SCP-361's ability to alter the language and tone it uses to interact with its user, a subject with a similar cultural origin to SCP-361 was required. For that purpose, a request for interaction between SCP-361 and SCP-1510, the persona of which originates from the same general area and time period, was made and accepted.



Test 361-B

Stage 1:  Subject D-1510-104, wearing SCP-1510, introduces a sheep's liver to SCP-361.

Vocalization:  SCP-361 vocalizes in Classical Latin, the language spoken by SCP-1510-1. The instruction is translated to 

Stage 2:  SCP-1510-1 chants several phrases in Latin, later identified as an oath to Mars Gradivus.

Vocalization:  SCP-361's instruction is translated to 

Stage 3:  SCP-1510-1 requests an open flame. He is given a camping gas lamp. SCP-1510 places the lit gas lamp at the feet of the table SCP-361 is placed on.

Vocalization:  SCP-361's instruction is translated to 

Stage 4:  SCP-1510-1 speaks a Latin phrase, later identified as Mars Gradivus' oath: to guard, preserve, and protect the state, the peace and the senate.

Vocalization:  SCP-361's instruction is translated to 

Stage 5:  SCP-1510-1 requests one of the supervising researchers to enter the room and touch SCP-361. Request granted.

Vocalization:  SCP-361 speaks in a different voice, still in classical Latin:  The voice was later identified by SCP-1510-1 as the voice of the persona's father.

[SCP-361 enters inactive state]
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            27 Jan 2020 01:02
            
            Edit
+365)
Tags
Discuss (79)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            מבני נתונים
                      
              סמסטר אא
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Ammon Allreds Online Classroom
                      
              University of Toledo Philosophy Professor
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Gamer Dome
                      
              Community Game Design Projects
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            International Translation Archive
                      
              of the SCP Foundation
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

