                        




SCP-1920.



Item #:  SCP-1920

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All instances of SCP-1920 are to be kept in a Safe-Class Kou-Electrical chamber, for the purposes of sufficiently providing power to SCP-1920. A constant source of wind is to be provided for each instance, using a standard electrical fan. Any vocalizations emitted by any instance of SCP-1920 are to be logged for review. One D-Class personnel is to be used during testing of SCP-1920. All testing must be approved by no fewer than two Level 4 personnel.

See Document 1920-C9 for original containment procedures. For more information regarding changes, see Addendum 1920-A.

Description:  SCP-1920 is a crudely made wooden wind turbine, 55cm before connecting to what appears to be a miniature satellite dish, which as of now has displayed no anomalous properties nor the ability to function. All other parts of SCP-1920 display normal durability and decay, and must be handled with care.

When SCP-1920's blades are spun1, an electrical current will travel through the wire extending from SCP-1920 at seemingly random intervals. SCP-1920's methods of generating electricity are currently unknown, as it has no similarity to any known generator design. The rotational speed of its blades does not correlate with its level of output, only whether or not it will produce electricity. Regardless of the amount of electricity produced, it appears that all electrical activity is dissipated upon reaching the satellite disc.

Once 1 kWh of energy has been produced, SCP-1920 will begin to spin at a constant speed of 1200 r/min for approximately 20 seconds and eject confetti from the center of its blades via unknown means. Noisemakers can also be heard emitting from SCP-1920, as well as several instances of a male voice speaking in English. The following is a collection of various statements by SCP-1920:








SCP-1920 was recovered from P███ L██████, Hawaii, and was found on the edge of a nearby cliff. A bronze plaque was found upright next to SCP-1920, bearing the following text:




Light Courier Enterprises: Mk.VI 



Warning: this is an advanced generator and as such it requires expert operation and maintenance. The Mk.VI Turbine is partially unstable and vulnerable to malfunction. Please observe operational guidelines as outlined below for proper usage:

1.  Place Mk.VI Turbine in a windy area / Place Mk.VI Turbine and provide breath-powered air displacement.

2.  Avoid contact with Mk.VI Turbine to prevent any further damage most likely done to it during step 1.

3.  Do not attempt to eat, mate, or engage in combat with Mk.VI Turbine. Just leave it alone.

Light Courier Enterprises thanks you for your assistance in powering our planet. We will reward your efforts after our recovery.
附加记录：    

Addendum 1920-A : Dr. Cage was able to reroute the electricity generated by SCP-1920. Two days later, SCP-1920 emitted various sounds, including murmuring and arguing between unknown individuals, rustling and clattering of equipment, and a single coherent statement from an unknown male:





[incoherent mumbling]



[voice becomes distant and undecipherable]
附加记录：    

On ██/██/19██, agents responded to reports of three small turbines identical in appearance to SCP-1920 from New Zealand, China, and Germany. Each of these newly discovered instances had a piece of paper attached to its shaft, featuring a poorly drawn depiction of what is assumed to be a monster with horns, sharp teeth and green skin. In each case, the text  had been written underneath each drawing.

We can't risk anymore of these appearing in public. We don't know what the things that are sending this are capable of, and we certainly don't know if they can send things other than these turbines. - Dr. Cage

As of ██/██/19██, SCP-1920 is to be kept actively generating electricity; see Revised Containment Procedures. For original documentation regarding Group of Interest , please refer to SCP-1940 for further information.

Footnotes
1. Mechanical and manual manipulation of the blades does not cause electricity to flow from SCP-1920.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            23 May 2019 17:14
            
            Edit
+129)
Tags
Discuss (35)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Electromagnetic (Hyper)Sensitivity
                      
              Causes of Electro Smog, EMF and Wireless Devices
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fallout Online: Requiem
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            projects.wikidot.com
                      
              Wikidot Projects Forum
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            FiredawnFolder
                      
              The not-quite Inner Circle but close enough
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

