                        




SCP-1775, inactive state



Item #:  SCP-1775

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1775 has been designated as a condemned building; a barbed wire fence has been constructed around a 20 metre radius to deter unauthorized access. Inquiries into the status of SCP-1775 are to be fielded by Samuel Clark Properties, a Foundation construction front.

During SCP-1775's active phase, researchers are to monitor SCP-1775-X instances for any deviations in movement and behavior patterns; should any deviations be noted, the current head researcher of SCP-1775 is to be informed without delay.

Description:  SCP-1775 is an abandoned ████ Department Store, located in Detroit, Michigan. SCP-1775 was closed in 1979 and shows wear and damage typical of Detroit's urban decay, with interior support beams and ceilings in advanced stages of neglect. Although similar in appearance and condition to other abandoned buildings in the Detroit area, SCP-1775 is distinguishable by the lack of any evidence of impromptu human habitation (), such as trash and makeshift bedding.

SCP-1775's anomalous properties manifest between the hours of 09:00 and 20:00 every day of the week excluding Sunday. During this time, the damage to its interior will be repaired, restoring it to near perfect condition: walls will be repainted, crumbling support beams are restored, etc. Despite these cosmetic changes, the interior of SCP-1775 will remain devoid of any material not present prior to the activation event, with the exception of SCP-1775-X.

SCP-1775-X (where  designates a number) are a series of humanoid spectral entities that manifest within the interior of SCP-1775 during an activation event. Aside from occasional deviations (see Addendum 1775-A), SCP-1775-X instances follow a set pattern of behavior during all activation events. All attempts to interact with or directly alter their behavior patterns have failed due to their intangible nature.

After the cessation of an SCP-1775 activation event at 20:00 hours, SCP-1775-X instances will vanish, and the interior of SCP-1775 will once again resemble its inactive state. Attempts to observe SCP-1775 during this transition have been met with failure: recording equipment (including personnel tracking devices) placed in the interior spontaneously fails, and personnel present during the shift have never been recovered.

SCP-1775-X Behavior Log 



Entity:  SCP-1775-3

Period of Activity:  11:00-17:00, Monday-Thursday

Description:  Manifests near a shelf at the back of the store. Spends the entirety of the manifestation event bending down, picking up nonexistent objects, and  them on the shelf.

Entity:  SCP-1775-9

Period of Activity:  9:00-18:00, Tuesday-Saturday

Description:  Manifests behind a counter at the front of the store. Currently theorized to be a cashier (despite no equipment being present). Frequently moves its fingers up and down in a typing motion in front of its , occasionally pausing to make motions with its hands resembling the removal and organization of cash.

Entity:  SCP-1775-29

Period of Activity:  9:00-20:00, Monday-Saturday

Description:  Stands near the entrance to the store, holding its hands behind its back. When a person enters the store, it will briefly wave at them before returning to its previous stance. To date, it has never shown any signs of movement unless a person enters the store.
附加记录：    

Addendum 1775-A:  On several occasions, SCP-1775-X instances have deviated from their recorded behavior. A brief summary of these deviations is provided below:



Entity:  SCP-1775-3

Date:  █/█/████

Deviation:  Before placing another item on the shelf, it placed its hands over its head and assumed a fetal position; it remained in this position until the event ended at 20:00.

Entity:  SCP-1775-9

Date:  █/█/████

Deviation:  Stepped away from the counter and covered its face in its hands, in an apparent sign of despondence. After 30 minutes, it ceased this action and resumed its normal behavior.

Entity:  SCP-1775-██

Date:  █/█/████

Deviation:  Ran from its manifestation point in the west side of the store to the east side, colliding with the opposite wall. After colliding, it rapidly punched the wall for approximately 3 hours before collapsing and remaining motionless until the event ended at 20:00.
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            07 Apr 2019 18:17
            
            Edit
+25)
Tags
Discuss (62)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            History in the New Media
                      
              Digital Project Design in Archives and Public History
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wiki.PKP.in
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Harry Potter: Into The Fire
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AnalyticsCamp
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

