                        




Transcript generated by TSATPWTCOTTTADC.aic 



Researcher Dylan:  Alright, recorder’s up. Uh, I’m back inside the cabinet, in the room with the slime. This time, I have a light. Also, I figured out how to install TSAT into an audio recorder, so, say hi, TSAT.

TSATPWTCOTTTADC.aic:  👋 Hello! 👋

Researcher Dylan:  Anyways, now I can see in the dark. I was right, it’s a metal room, around 20 feet by 20 feet. Walls are made of rusty gray metal, looks like they’re bolted together, can’t tell how long they’ve been around.

Also, I’m standing in some weird yellow slime. Heaven knows what it is, but I’m glad I brought rain boots.

TSATPWTCOTTTADC.aic:  📝 Note: 📝 If you scream at the slime, I can analyze the soundwaves that bounce off of it, and use my vast database of audio analysis knowledge to get a general idea of its composition.

Researcher Dylan:  Huh. If you say so



TSATPWTCOTTTADC.aic:  🔎 Estimated Analysis — 👄 50% human saliva, 💧 30% non-anomalous water, ❓ 20% unknown biological solution.

Researcher Dylan:  Thanks. Uh, should probably avoid the slime, then

Anyways, there was a door in the wall, that I missed. I'm gonna open it. Rusty handle, looks like it hasn't been opened in forever. Opening in 3



Researcher Dylan:  There’s a hallway here. Less dirty than the room, but it still smells like a swamp. The slime isn’t on the floor like it was in the last room.

There’s four doors, not counting the one I came through. They all have symbols carved into them. First one to the left has a crescent, like a moon. Second one has a square. First to the right has a circle. Last one has a weird shape;  is the best way I can describe it.



Researcher Dylan:  Weird. The door I came in from has the Shield on it. The logo, the thing we put on all of our reports. The circle with the arrows. That’s engraved into the door.



Researcher Dylan:  Eenie meenie minie moe I guess I’ll choose the moon door.



Researcher Dylan:  Alright, there's sunlight out here



Researcher Dylan:  The door lead to a valley, or a canyon. Don't know the proper term. Um, it's dirt, and the walls are too tall for me to climb. The swamp smell is still here, but it's died down. Smells like Freon now, if anything.

There's some weird stuff up above, going over the valley. Reminds me a bit of green Silly String, it's draped over the canyon for as far as I can see. It's way thicker than Silly String, though; looks like I could crawl through it, if it was hollow.

The door I came through's embedded in the side of the valley. There's no moon on this side, just a rusty iron door. Looks almost like a mirage, now that I think about it. Looks like I could stick my hand through it.



No, it's metal.  I guess I'll walk along the canyon's walls.



TSATPWTCOTTTADC.aic:  ⚠️ Warning: ⚠️ Analysis of breathing pattern complete, it is estimated that there is less oxygen in the atmosphere than on Earth. It is recommended that you avoid strenuous, aerobic activities.

Researcher Dylan:  Good to know. Definitely won't be able to climb the cliff, then.



Researcher Dylan:  It's a house. Two stories, gray, looks old as crap. Some of the string stuff from up above is connected to the house. Sorta like a spider web.



Researcher Dylan:  I just threw a rock at one of the strings connected to the house. It's elastic, like a guitar string. Make a little  sound too.



Researcher Dylan:  Inside of the house looks like the out. Everything's tattered, like a herd o' dogs came through here. The green stuff from outside is in here too. Smells a lot more like Freon. There's a flat screen TV with a Samsung logo. If this is another planet or an alternate dimension, like TSAT said, they have the same brands as us.

TSATPWTCOTTTADC.aic:  ❓ I never stated that this area is either an exoplanet or a parallel timeline.

Researcher Dylan:  What about the atmosphere stuff that you said?

TSATPWTCOTTTADC.aic:  🌬️ It is possible, although unlikely, that we could be at a high altitude, or equivalent in this area. With more complex equipment, I could conduct further analysis and determine deviation, if any, from baseline Earth for a more accurate measurement.

Researcher Dylan:  Noted. Uh, I'm gonna avoid the green shit. Looks sticky.



There isn't much here, other than the silly string and some old furniture. I'll head upstairs.



Researcher Dylan:  Shit. There’s a skeleton in here, on the bed. It still has a bit of flesh on it, must be somewhat recent. Scared me a bit. Sorry, uh, this is a bedroom. There’s a lampstand with a book on it. Says  on the front.



Researcher Dylan:  Alright, here’s the last entry.  This is definitely recent. Let’s read it.



It’s been a long time, but I’m afraid that I’m probably boned now. I’ve been bedridden for days, and my vision is turning red, just like Maurice. I don’t know if I caught it from Maurice or one of the kids, but in any case this is probably the end of me.

I shot a firework up a half hour or so ago. If the beasts didn’t already know where I am, they do now. My gun’s already out of bullets, and there’s no chance of me getting up to find a weapon to impale myself with. I guess I’ll just go with getting eaten.


附加记录：    

Researcher Dylan:  Uh, about your place, buddy. Alright, some shit definitely went down here. He said , maybe something about a disease? I’ll go back a few entries, see if I see anything.





I had to put down Shauna today.

She came up to me with the sniffles and said that her vision was turning red, like Theo’s was. I took her outside and told her to look at the pretty flowers. Then I shot her in the back of the head.

Maurice saw me do it but she didn’t stop me. The last thing we want is—
附加记录：    



Researcher Dylan:  What was that? Fuck. I should get out of here.





Researcher Dylan:  It's right above me!



Researcher Dylan:  



Researcher Dylan:   terrifying.



Researcher Dylan:  I think that's all TSAT, what time is it?

TSATPWTCOTTTADC.aic:  ⏰ The current time is 2203 hours, or 10:03 PM.

Researcher Dylan:  Jesus Christ, I'm beat. I need a rest.
附加记录：    

Linked Files -  Incursion 1

                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                supplement
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            27 Sep 2019 20:49
            
            Edit
+40)
Tags
Discuss (0)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Лекциите на ФМИ
                      
              За да изглеждаме умни пред другите
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            免費電子書：C# 程式設計
                      
              作者：陳鍾誠
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Επιμόρφωση Β  στο Ρέθυμνο
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Psychotronics Division
                      
              Divided, we are One. One, we are All.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

