                        




SCP-1360 in containment.



Item #:  SCP-1360

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1360 is to be restrained within a humanoid containment cell at Site-19. The presence of four security personnel is required prior to entry. Restraints may not be removed unless specifically required for testing. For communication purposes SCP-1360 is to be provided with a pen and notebook.

Description:  SCP-1360 is an animate, fully articulated, android. SCP-1360 stands at 1.83cm. The serial number 031 is woven into SCP-1360’s left arm in a red variant of SCP-1360-1.

Testing to identify SCP-1360-1 has so far met with limited success. The material is a type of aramid fiber with a tensile strength of approximately 4000MPa, along with a gravity of 1.1, making the material lighter and stronger than Kevlar. The material is self-repairing, with adjacent damaged SCP-1360-1 fibers reweaving and fusing back together. SCP-1360-1 is also capable of repairing damage to SCP-1360’s polycarbonate casings, as SCP-1360-1 fibers will fill in damaged areas during the repair of the outer covering. All samples of SCP-1360-1 disintegrate after 48 hours of separation from SCP-1360.



A section of SCP-1360-1 harvested from SCP-1360's lower back on 08/09/2009.



SCP-1360’s fingers contain a series of tools. These tools are accessed by unscrewing the tip of the finger, and include:

A steel needle attached to a roll of red thread made from the same material as SCP-1360-1. (Left thumb)
A roll of patches made of the same material as SCP-1360-1: 5.1cm wide. (Left index)
A pair of miniature steel fabric scissors. (Right thumb)
A steel scalpel (Right index)


Both middle and ring fingers are hollow and serve as storage space.

SCP-1360 is intelligent and displays a clear knowledge of unarmed combat and firearms usage. It is obsessed with escaping and subsequent return to an entity it refers to as “Anderson.”

SCP-1360 claims to feel pain despite its apparent lack of a nervous system. It claims that this pain is the result of a component having been removed prior to containment and as a result views itself as incomplete.

Despite being incapable of speech, SCP-1360 can read and write English, Japanese and German fluently. Interviews have been moderately successful, though escape and repair are favorite topics of conversation.

Addendum: 1360-A:  The following message was discovered on a flash drive within SCP-1360’s right middle finger upon recovery.



IMPORTANT: DO NOT DISCARD 

Dear James,

Congratulations on the purchase of your new Peregrine Series Humanoid Utility Droid (Civilian Model) . Unit #31 comes equipped with the following standard features:

Preprogrammed Personality #4 (Hector).
Full understanding of up to three languages (English, Japanese and German).
Our standard aramid covering and full self-repair functionality.


As you discussed with Mr. Saker during your consultation meeting, #31 has also been altered to include your requested modifications, these include:

Removal of Vocalization Capabilities.
Our Advanced Firearms Skill Set.
Our Advanced Unarmed Combat Skill Set.


Like the Kestrel  and Merlin  units you have purchased, #31 has been programmed to take commands only from yourself and your daughter. In addition it can also serve as a command unit. With your permission, #31 is capable of issuing commands to your other droids in your absence.

It is important to note, however, that unlike your previous purchases, #31 contains a highly adaptive artificial intelligence to make the unit’s interactions more human and personal. #31’s personality will evolve over time based on its interactions with you and your use of the unit. Within a matter of days #31 can become both your daughter’s best friend and your most loyal servant.

As with your other units, please do not attempt to repair #31 if malfunctioning. In the event that you become unsatisfied with the unit’s performance, please lock this flash drive back into place within the right middle finger storage compartment and speak your return phrase. #31 will then automatically return to one of our facilities and you will be contacted with more information on replacing or refunding your purchase.

As always, it’s a pleasure doing business with you.

Anderson
附加记录：    

Addendum: 1360-B:  On 17/11/2009, following a fourth failed escape attempt, the following note was found in SCP-1360-’s cell:



Return signal terminated. We’re better off keeping you where you are.

We’re sorry, #31.

Anderson
附加记录：    

As of this date SCP-1360 has ceased all communication with Foundation personnel. In addition, SCP-1360 has also ceased all resistance to containment and SCP-1360-1 collection.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                twisted-pines
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 21:32
            
            Edit
+430)
Tags
Discuss (79)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Scion: Monsters and Mosh Pits
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hogwarts 2092
                      
              The Harry Potter RP That Doesnt Suck - Part 3!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Coffeetime Extra
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            iRacing.com Wiki
                      
              Your one-stop-shop for all iRacing setup help and knowledge.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

