                        



Item #:  SCP-242

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-242 is kept at a home located in ████████, NM procured by the Foundation on ██/██/████. The original owner was an out of state landlord who had problems keeping it rented. After retiring, he moved there, but disappeared after three days.

The home is unremarkable and is inhabited by Dr. ██████ and Dr. ██████████ who pose as a married couple with no children. The backyard is defined along its perimeter with a cinder block wall approximately 2m high in accordance with the homes in the general vicinity. The pool is monitored at all times by a single Level 1 guard who also covers as the couple's live-in cook (human monitoring was added after Incident 242-1). Swimming or wading in the pool is strongly discouraged and any access to the pool by anyone other than Class D personnel for experimental reasons is forbidden.

Description:  SCP-242 is a swimming pool approximately 4.5m deep in the center and a total volume of approximately 53,000 liters. It has a dual waterfall feature, an in-pool vacuum unit, and stairs on one end.

Any substance when placed into the pool will eventually be transmuted into sterile water which will remain sterile even after being removed from SCP-242 and introduced to a non-sterile environment. A sample taken from SCP-242 and poured into a container of water that had been tinted with red food coloring did not mix, but rather stayed together as a non-miscible bubble. Subsequent examination of samples shows them to be nothing more than pure, sterile water.

The length of time required for the transmutation to complete is dependent on the nature of the substance placed into SCP-242. Ordinary river water sampled from █████████, NM was completely sterilized in 7 minutes. Stagnant pond water taken from ████, NM was sterilized in 18 minutes. 50,000 liters of coal tar was converted over the course of 12 days.

While the pool contains nothing but sterile water, there is no apparent action of any of the features of the pool. Once a non-water substance is placed into the pool, the water jets and waterfall will come on even if disconnected from any power source. The pool vacuum, if attached, will also activate and drive around the bottom of the pool even through extremely viscous liquids. There is no cycling of water into or out of the filtration system. Pipes leading to the filtration system have been completely removed and shown to be empty and dry while pool contents were being sterilized.



Stagnant pond water, Time=0 min.





Stagnant pond water, Time=9 min.





Stagnant pond water, Time=16 min.





Stagnant pond water, Time=18 min.



Addendum: 



Incident 242-1:  On ██/██/████, during a time when the home was vacant but being monitored by a hidden video camera, a man and woman, apparently in their early 20's scaled the rear wall and gained access to SCP-242. They proceeded to undress, and go swimming along with two vinyl inflatable rafts acquired from the shed in the backyard. After the water jets came on, the female was startled and indicated she wanted to leave. The male claimed that it was just the automatic timer coming on to clean the pool, and . The couple continued to swim and engaged in intimate activities.

24 minutes after the jets started, the female was heard to say that the water was . The male agreed, and they both climbed onto their respective rafts and fell asleep holding hands.

29 minutes after the jets started, both of the rafts popped within 4 seconds of each other and the couple was again immersed completely in the water. At this time, significant frothing of the water began with a deep red color being given off from the subjects' locations. Subjects were heard to scream loudly and both attempted to exit the pool. Before exit was possible, the couple went under the surface, the frothing stopped and the pool went from red to clear approximately 48 seconds later. The decision was made to institute a live guard at the pool.

After two weeks, a story was leaked to the press that the couple had eloped to an unknown location somewhere in Mexico.
附加记录：    

+expand)

-#17




Abstract:  What are the general properties of the water contained in SCP-242? Does the water retain any SCP like properties when removed from the location?

Proposal:  Determine if the water is safe for human consumption both while in the SCP and outside of it.

Required equipment/personnel: 

Two (2) titanium Atmospheric Dive Suits altered to fit the testing criteria
Two (2) Class D Personnel of like gender and race, age range to within three (3) years
One (1) food grade titanium barrel, one hundred and ninety (190) liter capacity
One (1) remotely controlled overhead crane capable of lifting twenty (20) metric tons
One (1) automated titanium siphon system
One (1) wireless communication system for separate links to and from both dive suits
One (1) home fumigation tenting unit used to create a neighborhood subterfuge


Estimated Budget:  [DATA EXPUNGED]

Status:  Approved (██/██/20██; Drs. ███ and ████████)

Results:  Transcript attached for review. Contact Dr. ██████ for a full Lab Report.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Dr. ██████: Alright, once you've entered the dive suit, we'll lower you into the pool. All you need to do is take a drink from the metal straw by your mouth when instructed to do so.

Test Subject A: Uhhh, I can't see out of this thing. Shouldn't there be glass here? Why is it all metal?

Dr. ██████: That's classified. Just get into the dive suit please.



Dr. ██████: Is the barrel full yet?

Test Subject B: Yep. All full.

Dr. ██████: Good. Remove the siphon and get into the other dive suit. You will not be placed into the pool. Just drink from the metal straw fed from the barrel when instructed to do so.

Test Subject B: So if I ain't going in the pool, why am I getting into that thing?

Dr. ██████:  Again, that is classified. We went over this in the debrief. Just do as instructed please.



Test Subject B: Damn it's dark in here. There's no light? How will I find the straw when Ithere it is.

Dr. ██████: SCP-242, Experiment 17, time zero set. Test Subject A, please take a sip from the straw and tell me what you experience.

Test Subject A: Ahit's pretty warm. There's a weird chemical aftertaste, but it doesn't last long.

Dr. ██████: Good, thank you. Test Subject B, please take a sip from the straw and tell me what you experience.

Test Subject B: Hmm. Its cool. Andnothing. It's good!

Dr. ██████: OK.



Dr. ██████: Test Subject A, what is going on? Please take another sip.

Test Subject A: Wow. I've got lots of gas. Eeew! This stuff is really warm now. And it stings my mouth. How much longer is this test?

Dr. ██████: OK. Test Subject B, please take a sip.

Test Subject B: Yep. Same as before. No taste or smell at all. The wateris this water? It's cool and pleasant.

Dr. ██████: Test Subject A, please repeat the process.

Test Subject A: Ow! [REDACTED] this is really hot now! AndHEY! What the [REDACTED]?! Is that one of my fillings!? What the [REDACTED] is this [REDACTED]?!

Dr. ██████: Please just report your experience as succinctly as possible. Fillings can be replaced. Test Subject B, please repeat the process.

Test Subject B: This is boring, doc. Seems like a lot of hassle just to give us a drink of water.

Dr. ██████: Test Subject A, please repeat.



Dr. ██████: Test Subject A, please respond.



Dr. ██████: Test Subject B, please repeat.

Test Subject B: Ahh! Yep. Still nice.

Dr. ██████: OK. Test Subject B, we're moving to the next phase which is a full medical analysis. But you'll need to uhhbefore you can exit the suit. It will take several hours, so get comfortable in there. Please take a drink every time the indicator light goes on and let me know if anything changes. Use the urination adapter as needed.

Test Subject B: Understood. Damn, that was easy!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Testing was ended due to internal electrical and subsequent structural failure of Atmospheric Dive Suit A. Retrieval was not attempted; complete loss of Atmospheric Dive Suit A occurred after approximately 15 hours.

Test Subject B was extracted after 17 hours. No physiological changes were detected. Subject B's urine was recovered and showed no extraordinary properties. Subject B has been released to the Class D Pool Group for future reuse.

The water remaining in the barrel was left to evaporate and did so within the expected time frame. No residue of any kind remained.
附加记录：    






Note:  The use of SCP-242 for possible disposal of any SCP related materials that are  to manage is being considered at this time. Contact Dr. ██████ for details and/or permission for testing.








‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  242-1.jpg

Author:  Phlimm

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0
附加记录：    



Filename:  242-2.jpg

Author:  Phlimm

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0
附加记录：    



Filename:  242-3.jpg

Author:  Phlimm

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0
附加记录：    



Filename:  242-4.jpg

Author:  Phlimm

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                structure
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            08 Oct 2020 18:06
            
            Edit
+283)
Tags
Discuss (57)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Blank Template
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Machinima 138
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Where are the Joneses Wiki.
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Morningside Genetics
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

