                        


Item #:  SCP-4432

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4432 is currently contained in a padded and soundproofed room within Site-55's Euclid containment wing.

Description:  SCP-4432 is a heavily modified humanoid entity possessing multiple anomalous properties, measuring 165cm tall and weighing 54kg.

SCP-4432's modifications include:

a detachable metal fish head,
a candy dispenser replacing the trachea,
a small CRT television protruding from its chest,
an ethernet cable in place of genitals which connects to a network named ,
five USB C charging cables protruding from the navel,
a Triple A battery pack located on the upper back; empty,
small tools such as a knife, spork, scissors, etc replacing the fingers,
a lightbulb replacing the nose, which glows red when a lie is told within 3 meters of it,
a liquid soap dispenser extending from the top of the spine,
roller skates in place of feet,
and a lunar calendar pinned to its mid-back.


SCP-4432 constantly produces vocalizations and appears to be aware of its surroundings, but is unable to reliably communicate with Foundation personnel. A temporary tattoo reading  was found on the subject's lower back upon initial discovery, but has since faded.

The subject has been identified as Ricardo Trujillo, a construction worker from Albuquerque, New Mexico who was reported as missing on December 26th, 2019 after responding to a Craigslist ad for a .

Addendum 4432.1:  Recovered Document

The following document was found glued to the TV on SCP-4432's chest.



wow you has find mr mister by dado, limited time only item from dado

dado is see how swiss are make knife and spoon and scissor into army knife of swiss and dado is think 'hmmm perhaps consolidate is best for dado as well' so dado is look at the small misters of dr wanderingtrain and say 'why have multiple when dado can instead be into making army swiss mister'

congratulations you are become collector person, dado is not judge of gender preference unlike doctor wundertaint who is much lawyery and mean
附加记录：    

Addendum 4432.2:  Recovered Text Messages

The following communications were recovered from Mr. Trujillo's phone, presumably occuring prior to becoming SCP-4432.
Log 1 

December 24th, 2019
2:34 PM


did u buy the doll for Alejandra yet??


no

i had to use the money



i cannot fucking believe you, ricky





i give u one fucking errand





and u cant even do that right





what did u spend the money on this time??





actually forget it. i dont want to know.



christa im sorry i had bills



i knew my mom was right about u. i dont care what u do, just make sure u buy the gd doll for alejandra or i will make sure you never have custody again



okay

ill bring you the doll tomorrow ill figure something out


u fuckin better.


Seen 2:44 PM

Log 2 

December 24th, 2019
3:02 PM

hey i wanted to ask about your clist ad

how much are you paying?


hello yes dado is pay good moneys



okay but how much exactly? theres something i need to

theres something i need to buy so I really need to know how much youre paying



what it is you are of needing



i need to buy my daughter this expensive doll for christmas or my exwife isnt going to let me see her again. please stop jerking me around and tell me how much youre going to pay dude



dado is not of jerking, dado is fine entrepreneur and expert maker of toy better than mattel and dogtor wanderyman. maybe dado can assistance you with expensive luxury doll



youre saying you can make me one of those fancy dolls?



dado can make u toy yes



okay cool forget the cash, just do that



ok





1



be there in an hour


seen 3:09pm


Log 3 

December 24th, 2019
3:56 PM

hey i found a clist gig that will help me get the doll. im meeting the guy now.



ok



tell allie ill see her tomorrow for christmas okay


ok


im sorry this happened


idc



merry christmas christa


Seen 3:58 PM



Footnotes
1. The location was found to be empty following a Foundation inspection.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                toy
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            09 Nov 2020 22:16
            
            Edit
+165)
Tags
Discuss (29)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            History in the New Media
                      
              Digital Project Design in Archives and Public History
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            LegendSpring
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Smallworld GIS Wiki
                      
              Help and references for the Smallworld Community
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hex House
                      
              A truly magical place...sort of.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

