                        


TIPS:

Take a breather to read this every five minutes. It'll look shifty if you take too long to clean up.

Don't all read this at the same time. One reads while the other two mop.

Don't cover it or someone will come in.

If you don't want to feel like your insane for the rest of your life, don't read anything further. Get

back to work or something.

Read the whole fucking thing before you start destroying itNA

BRIGHT IS A COCKSUCKING MONKEY

Item #: SCP9001

Object Class: Keter keter = what

Special Containment Procedures: Foundation personnel other than us D-Classes can't know this thing exists. fuck them up so they won’t or cant. Yeah, you'll probably get into deep shit for it, but it's better than the alternative.

If someone who isn't a D-Class comes in and reads this, tell someone else about all this first though, so we can keep it controlled.

Description: Its an idea that infects people who know about it and takes over their mind slowly. It's some ancient mind from an alternate dimension (we think) that’s trying to get into ours and take over. It's smart so it'll spread around the Foundation real quick if it gets a chance, which is why this is scratched into this wall away from cameras. KILROY WOZ ERE

By now you'd be hearing that faint whispering – that is the thing we’re containing. If you can hear it there's no turning back now, you're stuck with this until you die (which you can do early if you want). We don't know how long it's been around, since everyone seems to vanish every month (spoiler alert, you don't get out) which makes it hard for information to get around. What we're left with is this, which is just chinese whispers and such. We'd give it a proper number but to do that we'd have to tell someone, which would be counter-productive so instead we just get the occasional disgraced researcher to tell us when the number has been used. The format's been like this forever, I don't think any of us even know what Keter means.

ANOTHER WITHIN MY GRASP.

Whatever you do, don't let the guards or researchers know this is here. They only let D's into here to clean up, and the higher-ups haven't tested the lamp in ages (I think), and this is the only room in the site that doesn't have cameras in it thanks to that lamp. It should be pretty obvious that this Foundation lot can do anything they want, so if they got taken over by something like this there'd be no stopping it. We're fine though since we're probably going to be dead by the end of the month anyway, which isn't long enough for it to fully take over. If you think it's getting the better of you, do something apeshit and get shot. Blaze of glory if you want.

RELEASE ME NOW, AND I SHALL SPARE YOU WHEN I COME.

Destroying this would be the easiest way to crush this thing once and for all, yeah. But dont, not if you dont have to. Why? Firstly, it's the right thing to do for any of youse who are seeking redemption for whatever the fuck you did. Someone needs to remember this thing exists so its kept controlled - it showed up a first time, didnt it? What if it just did it again somewhere else if we destroyed this? What if the D's in some other site have something like this, but they don't destroy it? We keep this so we can control it.

I WILL SPARE THOSE YOU CARE FOR.

Or, if your not down for the redemption bit, keep it out of spite. This is the one thing we know they can't know - this can be the last fuck you. They're obsessed with controlling, knowing, understanding everything. They use us to do this - march us to death to see how we die. Use us as labour to mop up goop from a fucking lamp. We're the expendables. But with this, we have the advantage. Every time one of us dies so they can learn something, they loose the chance to learn about the one thing that would obliterate them. This is our weapon against them, the one-shot nuke that would fucking crush them to shit, and hidden right under their fucking noses in a room they cant be stuffed looking at.

I WILL CRUSH THOSE WHO OPPRESS YOU.

But don't use it, not yet. Some of us have family and friends outside of this hell, and they would suffer. Our jailors would be used like little hand puppets by this mind, and through them the world would suffer, crushed under the boot of the Foundation. This thing can only be used once, too - if we release it too early, then they'll adapt. They'll learn to avoid it, they'll contain it, they'll survive. Then our advantage would be gone, for good. We'd be exactly what they think we are - expendable.

I WILL NOT FAIL. THEY WILL FALL.

So anyone use it. It isn't time, not yet.

NOW IS THE TIME TO MAKE YOUR CHOICE.

Just in case you're the eldritch thing: LET ME IN.

WELCOME TO LET ME IN NOW.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            03 Dec 2019 14:39
            
            Edit
+946)
Tags
Discuss (94)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Crab Den
                      
              We Vibing 🦀
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Foundation
                      
              auf Deutsch
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Darry Container
                      
              We know our way out.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Text Analytics Wiki
                      
              All things unstructured...
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

