                        


WARNING: LEVEL 4/4101 ACCESS ONLY

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


Access to this information is restricted to Level 4/4101 clearance. Attempting to access this information in any capacity will automatically alert security personnel to a possible information breach until credentials are accepted. If you have accessed this document in error, wait at your terminal and explain the situation to the incoming agents, where you will then be processed and, if necessary, amnesticized. If you have the proper credentials, please submit them now to disengage the order.







Credentials recognized. Please enter password.







Password 













Item #:  SCP-4101

Object Class:  Thaumiel

Special Containment Procedures:  Due to the circumstances of its location and operation, SCP-4101 is to remain integrated into Site-25 and, as such, requires no extra security than would already be appropriate for a Foundation site. However, knowledge of the existence of SCP-4101 itself is restricted to Level 4/4101 clearance or higher, with the exception of any Foundation personnel cleared for work on the Ouroboros Protocol. Regular maintenance of all associated systems of SCP-4101 is to take place weekly, with an allowed delay of no more than 48 hours. If any malfunctions of any components of SCP-4101 or its subsystems are suspected or identified, especially of those systems that are crucial to its continued function, testing is to be immediately halted until repairs have been made.

Regular testing with SCP-4101 is to occur once every 2 weeks. Any subject for testing is allowed, but testing involving classified material, material known to be associated with temporal/ontokinetic anomalies, or material that is known to be memetic, cognitohazardous, or infohazardous in nature is only to be carried out by personnel possessing Level 4/4101 clearance. UPDATE (3/8/1999): Screening for candidates must, in addition to standard physical and mental aptitude measurements, must display no less than complete loyalty to the Foundation and its directives to mitigate the risk of an information breach resulting from the use of SCP-4101.

For testing purposes, a series of digital data repositories, with individual storage capacities no fewer than 10TB, are to remain at Site-25 at all times within SCP-4101. Due to the nature of SCP-4101, the only precautions necessary to access these repositories will be standard login credentials. These repositories are to contain as much historical text and documentation as feasible, with additions made as necessary when new information is gained through the use of SCP-4101.

UPDATE (3/8/1999): Due to further discoveries about SCP-4101's anomalous properties, no one individual may operate SCP-4101 more than 10 times without an interim period of at least 1 month. Any anomalous phenomena or manifestations occurring near individuals who have operated SCP-4101 are to be reported immediately, followed by the immediate barring of that individual from operating SCP-4101 for the foreseeable future. See Addendum 2.

Description:  SCP-4101 is a large mechanical device originally created by the Foundation in 1987 as part of Project Hindsight. Though it was once separate from Site-25, it has since been assimilated into the site's workings to allow for ease of its continued operation. As such, Site-25 is considered part of SCP-4101. The object consists of a dedicated power station (with a total output of 3m2) flat paved area in the center of SCP-4101 that serves as the control room, in the middle of which stands the control panel used for operating SCP-4101.

SCP-4101 (and Site-25 post-integration) demonstrates a poorly-understood form of causal immunity; while time itself passes normally within SCP-4101, it is utterly unaffected by any temporal anomalies that may affect its existence, creation, or operation. Mundane efforts in the present day to further test this property universally fail as well; evidence of probability manipulation is currently being investigated (See Addendum 2). This effect extends to those within SCP-4101; as long as an individual remains within the facility, they share this immunity.

SCP-4101's principal effect is achieved whenever input is received through the control panel. The interface allows for the input of text strings of any size; complexity does not seem to skew the results to any significant degree, as due to the specifics of the conceptual experimentation and engineering included as part of Project Hindsight, the input is understood through the intention of the operator. The only requirement is that the input must refer to an entity or object.

When input is given and SCP-4101 is activated, the main control room becomes inaccessible for a period of time up to and including, but not exceeding, five minutes. During this active period, the room undergoes extreme temporal distortion around the individual who activated SCP-4101 (hereafter referred to as the operator). The interior becomes a facsimile of the birthplace/place of origin of whatever the input was at the time when the input item came into being. The operator then experiences the entire existence of the input item in real time as illustrated to them by SCP-4101-1.

SCP-4101-1 is a humanoid entity who varies in apparent age, gender, and race with every manifestation, but a description of the entity wearing a light brown, three-piece suit is consistent across every manifestation. When SCP-4101 is activated and the operator is displaced, SCP-4101-1 introduces itself and begins delivering the history of the input item. SCP-4101-1 describes itself as being an orator or teacher of sorts, with its descriptions and depictions being meticulously thorough, covering every major event and summarizing the minor events relating to the existence of the input item. SCP-4101-1 is universally described by operators as amicable, polite, and enthusiastic, frequently encouraging questions about the input item.

Despite the ability to move about freely in any manifested environment or location, direct interaction with anything in said environment is impossible, as physical contact cannot be achieved. However, items will manifest on the operator as necessary for their continued survival if a certain environment is normally inhospitable (such as SCUBA gear for oceanic environs, standard astronaut suits for space, etc.). During the active period, the operator witnesses the entire life or existence of the input item, starting with its birth/creation and ending with either its death/destruction or, where applicable, its continued existence in the present.

Once the duration is over, SCP-4101-1 will say goodbye to the operator and thank them for their curiosity. The control room will then return to normal and the operator may exit. Any information gathered through the use of SCP-4101 will be retained with eidetic clarity, with memories showing extreme resistance to fading or erasure by amnestics. Further, any input item that has a memetic, cognitohazardous, or infohazardous property has that property bypassed in the operator's memory with no ill effects notable exceptions.

Abridged Testing Log: 

+Open

-Close




Test 1: D-1745 

Selected Remarks from SCP-4101-1: 












附加记录：    



Test 2: George Washington 

Selected Remarks from SCP-4101-1: 

 this man really need an introduction?








附加记录：    



Test 12: Site-25 

Selected Remarks from SCP-4101-1: 

 You look a little peaky today. Are you feeling alright? Getting enough sleep?



Now, this land was completely empty. No buildings, no major land features, not even any trees! Miles away from anything populated. Perfect clandestine location, wouldn't you say? But it gets better: then were planning on putting a big building there with security measures derived from anomalous technology! The perfect storm!

Of safety, that is.






附加记录：    


Test 25: SCP-055 

Selected Remarks from SCP-4101-1: 



So as you can see - erm, well I think so, anyway - the brass frame really ties the whole thing together. It doesn't really do anything for the structural support or functionality of the thing, but it looks nice, doesn't it? You can see it, right?



 well, got his soul sucked into it whole.





 the ritual circle inside the mainframe should provide enough blue energy to keep it moving. Then just pick any type of information you want, assign the pointer to the memories of this information, and zip! Into the locus it goes!

If I may, what made you curious?






Test 46: William Shakespeare 

Selected Remarks from SCP-4101-1: 





Ah, another great performance! Why, it even brought tears to his eyes, it was so beautiful. And it wasn't even his play! I must say, Mortimer, you picked an excellent subject this time around.



What a romantic couple! I tell you, just walking around the streets of Stratford-upon-Avon is something I've always wanted to do, but I don't really have anyone to do it with like they do!

What? What's wrong? Did I say something that upset you?


附加记录：    



Test 65: Edgar Allen Poe 

Selected Remarks from SCP-4101-1: 



Now this is quite the family reunion, is it not? A lovely spectacle. Everyone's so happy in each other's company. I must say, I don't have any real family of my own considering my, ahem, 'position', but if I did, and I wished to celebrate with them, then I would want that spectacle to look like this!

Why, yes, that is his cousin with him over there.



Another hard worker, as you can see. All he has is his paper, his utensil, and the light he uses to see by. Why, Annabelle Lee ended up being one of my personal favorites of his! Ah, Annabelle Lee? You've not heard it? Oh, it's a wonderful - well, the tale itself is quite sad, but the composition is wonderful! So evocative! Look closely at his desk, you can see for yourself! Don't worry, he won't notice you.

My, you must like it as much as I do! It warms my heart to see people still able to be moved to tears by a good bit of poetry. I suppose employees of the Foundation must be cultured in some regard to get the positions that- What?



Alright. Farewell for now, then.
附加记录：    


Test 89: SCP-631 

Selected Remarks from SCP-4101-1: 

 I'm not going to pretend that it's right, either.





Then the Foundation caught wind of these things and devised a way of catching them with minimal casualties. Of course, there are still casualties sometimes, because they couldn't catch all the buggers, and they're quite stubborn when it comes to staying alive, so if one, say, slips out of containment, some unfortunate researcher might get gobbled up by one. That is, to use a random example.

Don't look at me like that! I know why you asked!

W-Wait! No, I'm - I'm sorry! I didn't mean to

 it's just what I do.

I just


-Close



Addendum 1:  Creation and Classification

Project Hindsight was an attempt to create a device that would allow for a complete and thorough documentation of the history of humanity with the intention of preserving it from tampering by uncontained anomalies or the breach of contained anomalies. SCP-4101 is the sum total of Project Hindsight, acting as a crucial part of the Ouroboros Protocol. Multiple esoteric fields of study were exercised and even expanded during Project Hindsight and the creation of SCP-4101, including advanced metallurgy, engineering, and circuitry, applied thaumatology, and temporal manipulation and stabilization.

Classification of SCP-4101 as an anomalous object resulted from preliminary testing revealing the existence of SCP-4101-1. Once a larger base of knowledge regarding the device's function was accumulated and its potential for use was underscored by this knowledge, it was shortly classed as Thaumiel. In light of SCP-4101-1's apparent willingness to cooperate with Foundation efforts to more effectively chronicle history, Project Hindsight is considered a success.

PLEASEPROTOCOL

ACCESSGRANTED


The Ouroboros Protocol is an operation planned to take effect soon in the future, preparations for which are an ongoing undertaking occurring throughout all echelons of the Foundation. Once activated, it is an effort to continuously assure the Foundation's continued existence and operation through bootstrapping, retrocausal activity, and ontological insulation. Project Hindsight was one of the first few phases of the Protocol, setting the groundwork for the more labor and resource-intensive stages. For further information about the Ouroboros Protocol, please see Document ███████.

Following the completion of SCP-4101 and its classification, preparations to enact the Ouroboros Protocol are being made nominally. Following the events of Incident 4101-1, preparations to enact the Ouroboros Protocol are halted indefinitely. See Addendum 2.




Addendum 2:  Incident 4101-1

On 03/8/1999, after routine testing of SCP-4101, Senior Researcher Ericson entered his office to log the results and didn't exit for three hours. During this time, RAISA personnel were alerted to potential antimemetic contamination in his workstation. Security personnel were alerted to this and sent to his room. Upon their arrival, they observed Ericson sitting at his desk staring at his sidearm, visibly distressed and unresponsive. As he was taken to the medical wing for processing, personnel further observed that his personal audio log used for research notes was still open and logged into on his computer. After perusing its contents, personnel notified the Director of Site-25 of heretofore undocumented anomalous properties of SCP-4101. Following this discovery, the containment procedures were shortly revised. An abridged version of the contents of the log are transcribed below:

+Open

-Close




[BEGIN LOG]



5/24/1987

This is Researcher Ericson speaking, marking the first activation of the object now designated SCP-4101. I must say, I'm very excited about the opportunities that this machine will provide. Already, the thing works exactly as intended; I told it I wanted to hear about the D-Class in the cell two rooms over, and it took me to some hospital.

One thing I didn't anticipate was the presence of some person. Well, I mean, of course there were people there, but this one clearly didn't belong there. His suit made him stick out like a sore thumb. Of course, though the others didn't notice me, he did. Even said hello. Explained that he was my 'teacher' for the day.

I was worried, but he quickly added that he was here to tell me all about Carl1. I humored him, and he took me through his whole life. Everything seemed so murders, his incarceration. Right up to his transfer to Site-25 and being put in that cell. Then he just thanked me and left.

I'd like to say I can't wait until I forget what I saw - I don't think I've ever seen someone so vicious with a baseball bat - but that's just it. I can't. The images just in my head or something.

This machine is incredible, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't worried.
附加记录：    



6/8/1987

Just another efficacy test. This time, we went for a popular historical figure. I suggested George Washington, and that seemed to go over well. I must say, I'm no history buff or anything like that, but seeing all those battles with my own eyes was something else.

That guy seemed to enjoy telling it to me, too. Kept wanting me to ask questions, as if he wanted me to drink in every detail. Reminded me of a friend of mine who always had some piece of artwork to show me. This guy wanted to see nothing short of awe from me.

Well, I'd say he got it I don't know. I'm probably just saying that because of the date.

Today would have been Annabelle's 30th birthday.



Happy birthday, Annabelle. Not a day goes by when I don't think about you.
附加记录：    





[SECTION REDACTED FOR BREVITY]








2/1/1988

Another day, another musty old history book to cross-reference. I swear, if I'd known just how many years of ancient, antiquated drivel I'd have to sit through in the name of progress, I probably would have requested to be transferred to a different project.

Still, Senior Researcher does have a nice ring to it, now that I'm saying for the first time since my promotion, so maybe it's worth it.

Of course, SCP-4101-1 was enthusiastic as ever. She - well, she was a 'she' this time - but she looked overjoyed to see me again. Made the life of some Christian monk from the 16th century seem downright lively. Every time I come back to that machine, I remember just how much I enjoy -1's 'seminars', if it really is a teacher.

I must say, though, I'm not looking forward to the next session, even with its enthusiasm.

Another sad Valentine's Day. Hoo-ray.
附加记录：    



2/15/1988

Okay, something's wrong.

There must be something more to that machine. The information it gave me is as strong as it ever was, so the long-term projections are happening just as predicted, but there's something else. Something that has me worried.

I never asked it about myself.

Last night, I had a strange dream. Rather murky, couldn't make out many details, but I definitely remember my mother being there. Just an overwhelming feeling of contentment washing through me, and then my alarm blaring me awake. When I reached over to turn it off, I noticed something on my nightstand that certainly wasn't there before: a bottle. A baby bottle. Freshly full to the brim.

As soon as I saw it, I knew I didn't even have to taste it to know where that milk came from.

I checked my doors, windows, everything, but nothing had gotten in that I could see. I checked the cameras I'd installed - nothing. I'm that thing took my Annabelle.

Speaking of Happy Valentine's Day, Annabelle. Even though I'm scared, I'm glad you don't have to deal with this.

Heh.
附加记录：    





[REDACTED]








10/21/1991

The dreams are getting worse.

I thought they'd mostly subsided, but just this last night, I had a vivid dream about my first high school prom, and woke up to Annabelle's dress draped over the headboard. Now I'm getting really worried, but I'm afraid to tell anyone.

I

No. Out of the question.





Could it be a side effect?
附加记录：    





[REDACTED]








3/9/1992

Dreams are getting more vivid, more real. Dreamt about our wedding day. Large slice of cake was waiting for me. Had our two little figurines sitting on top. I've worked for the Foundation for almost 10 years now, and I've yet to see a concept so strong, it 'makes' things.



At least it tasted good.
附加记录：    





[REDACTED]








1/3/1994

Dreamt about our messy. Candles, still lit, sitting on every surface they could fit. I swear I could smell her in the air.

 why do you need to keep reminding me!?
附加记录：    





[REDACTED]








2/17/1997

I think I'm going insane.

I walked into my office this morning and found a pink envelope sitting in front of my computer next to an apple pie. Before I even read the letter, I winced. I already knew what was coming. She always did like baking

It was just a card. It read, 

She's been dead for 14 years now, almost 15. But the pie was still warm.



Either she baked it with so much love that I can taste it, or there is something seriously wrong with me.
附加记录：    





[REDACTED]








2/22/1999

Turns out it's not just good memories life wants to throw back in my face to torment me.

I dreamed about that night

Then I woke up. My window had been smashed open, and there were claw marks all over it. If I were to make a guess, I'd say that another one just flew out to join the world. Thank God - or whatever passes for him - I sleep with my bedside lamp on.



 monsters anytime soon.
附加记录：    



3/8/1999

I get it now. I should have known all this time.

I figured I'd ask the machine. Don't know why the thought hadn't occurred to me sooner. Maybe I just didn't want any more reminders, and using a machine made for that specific purpose wouldn't have helped. Whatever.

I went in and typed in 'Annabelle Ericson'. No hospital, no hometown, no nothing. Just blackness.





And her.





Why did it have to look like her?





It clearly wasn't her; the suit gave that away real quick. Figures that it knew what I wanted.

I asked it, 

It just looked at me like I was a wounded dog and said, 

I said, 

It said, 

I asked, 

 but they weren't Annabelle's.









[END LOG]
附加记录：    

-Close



In light of this new information, additions to the Description of SCP-4101 are currently pending following review by the Director of Site-25. Upon a more thorough search of his quarters, security personnel found a small, digital device of poorly-understood function; at present, it is theorized that this device is what allowed Senior Researcher Ericson to conceal certain sections of the testing logs from sight and preventing suspicion from being raised. When this device was located, it appeared to have been powered off manually, which likely allowed its influence to be detected. Classification as SCP-4101-2 is currently pending.

After Senior Researcher Ericson has been processed and debriefed, he is to be amnesticized, demoted, and transferred out of Site-25, with any further work of his closely monitored for anomalous phenomena/active subterfuge. Lingering remnants of information are to be expected, but their effects should be negligible. Despite these actions, his next assignment will take place in addition to regular scheduled visits to an appointed psychologist, where he is expected to make a full recovery.

Further investigation into the nature of SCP-4101-1 and the specific property or properties of SCP-4101 that allow for its manifestation is ongoing.

Footnotes
1. The name of the D-Class personnel used during this test.









                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                thaumiel
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jun 2020 22:05
            
            Edit
+70)
Tags
Discuss (12)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Liminal Archives
                      
              Exploring spaces which shouldnt exist
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            BRTFF
                      
              Passion on the Top
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Wanderers Library
                      
              Fiction from another world.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Direito da Informática - FBV
                      
              Informática Jurídica e Juscibernética
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

