                        










3920









Level3







Containment Class:
euclid


Secondary Class:
none



Disruption Class:
vlam


Risk Class:
caution



link to memo


















~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



An SCP-3920 induced lightning strike, as viewed by Observational Plane San-14.



Special Containment Procedures:  Subjects that experience or witness SCP-3920 are to be amnesticized and provided appropriate replacement memories. Cover stories regarding non-anomalous targets will be disseminated after SCP-3920 occurs. All artillery shells produced by SCP-3920 will be transferred to the nearest Armament Storage Facility or destroyed.

Description:  SCP-3920 is a phenomenon that generates a variable number of BL 9.2-inch howitzers (SCP-3920-A instances) in the Canadian Rockies. The following requirements must be met to initiate SCP-3920:

A person (hereafter referred to as the ) must be over 3km from the nearest town or city
One or more persons or entities (hereafter referred to as ) with the intent to harm the subject must be within a .5km vicinity of the subject
The local time must be between 10:00 p.m. and 2:00 a.m.


The following can increase the likelihood of SCP-3920's initiation:

The subject is a Canadian citizen
The subject is or was a member of the Canadian Armed Forces
Multiple targets are present
A cumulonimbus cloud is present near the subject


SCP-3920 begins with lightning strikes occurring in the area around the subject, corresponding to the number of targets. An SCP-3920-A instance instantaneously manifests at the site of each strike. Each howitzer is operated by several luminous, translucent humanoid entities wearing Canadian World War I army uniforms (SCP-3920-B instances). The SCP-3920-B operate the howitzers and will fire shells at the targets with high precision until a shell has collided with each target, invariably resulting in their deaths. Detonation occurs if the subject is outside of each shell's blast radius. Non-detonated shells have a variation of the following message engraved on their surface:



Greetings from 1st Brigade C.F.A.!1
附加记录：    

When all targets are dead, lightning bolts will manifest and hit each SCP-3920-A instance, with the anomalies vanishing after.

Although SCP-3920-B instances primarily focus on the operation of SCP-3920-A, limited interactions may occur with subjects. These interactions include salutes to the subject if they are current or former Canadian military personnel, waves, and thumbs up gestures. On one occasion a child subject was handed an Individual Meal Pack2 by an instance.

Addendum:  On 18-August-2018, Agent Flynn was dispatched on a mission to subdue PoI-1258 after the subject stole an anomalous object. At 1:40 a.m. the following day, Agent Flynn entered a confrontation with the subject at the edge of Lake O'Hara. PoI-1258 consumed Flynn's weaponry and was preparing to strangulate him when SCP-3920 was initiated. Two SCP-3920-A instances manifested in the vicinity of both subjects, each firing a shell that hit the other instance instead of the subjects. PoI-1258 swam into the lake at this point, presumably using the object to become camouflaged with their surroundings.

The SCP-3920-B instances that had operated both howitzers convened near the location of Agent Flynn, appearing to enter a heated discussion while displaying signs of confusion. One instance then handed Flynn a slip of paper with the following text on it.



Bit of a screwup [sic] here
附加记录：    

All instances subsequently demanifested after a single lightning strike.

Footnotes
1. The 1st Brigade, C.F.A., an artillery unit used in the 1st Canadian Infantry Division during World War I. Several soldiers who served in the unit were reported missing after going on trips to areas around the Rocky Mountains.
2. A field ration used by the Canadian Armed Forces, introduced in 2005. How the rations were acquired is unknown.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                weapon
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            10 Apr 2020 07:05
            
            Edit
+74)
Tags
Discuss (5)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            RoseFlood
                      
              The best of diluvian writing.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RPC Authority
                      
              Research, Protection, Containment
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ERETICOPEDIA
                      
              Mediterranean Digital  Public Humanities
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Portalul Seriilor de Informatica
                      
              Facultatea de Matematica si Informatica, Universitatea din Bucuresti
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

