                        


Item #:  SCP-1061

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1061 should be kept in a secured, climate-controlled garage. Its tires have been removed and should not be replaced for any reason. Its doors should be locked at all times and its windshield boarded up, unless testing is in progress. All experiments are to be performed within the garage.

Access to SCP-1061 is restricted to Level 4 personnel and to D-class personnel engaged in authorized testing. Aside from authorized testing, it is forbidden for anyone not seated in any of the passenger seats to make any contact with any part of the driver's seat; personnel who make contact with the driver's seat while not seated in any of the passenger seats become instances of SCP-1061-1, and are to be apprehended until such time as they can be used in approved testing. Removal of post-test biological waste from SCP-1061's interior is to be performed by robotic manipulators; no other maintenance is to be performed on SCP-1061.

Description:  SCP-1061 is a dark red 1992 Pontiac Grand Am with severe collision damage, including a large hole in its driver's-side front windshield. It manifests three distinct anomalous properties; these properties are considered to be linked, in that they seem to be caused by the same anomalous entity.

The first anomalous property is that SCP-1061 is associated with several illusions. The collision damage is only visible from the outside; when viewed from inside or through an open door, SCP-1061’s interior appears completely intact. This is purely a visual illusion, and is detectable by electronic recording devices. When viewed from the inside, the side windows (when closed) and rear windshield show the city of [REDACTED] and its environs, on ██/██/1996 (as determined by meteorological, astronomical, and botanical observations, and by sightings of newspapers and other periodicals)  however, the hole in the front windshield made by the impact of the original driver's head shows neither urban/suburban [REDACTED] nor the containment chamber. Instead, it shows [REDACTED].

If the driver's seat remains unoccupied, individuals occupying the other seats or looking through the opened doors, see that SCP-1061 is parked along the curb in front of a suburban residence. As with the illusory absence of vehicular damage, this illusion is visible to cameras and other electronic recording devices; however, this illusion does not activate unless a living human is seated within SCP-1061 and deactivates if all observers leave SCP-1061. The suburban environment always reflects the time of day at which the observers entered SCP-1061; if multiple observers enter SCP-1061 at different times, the environment will continue to reflect the time of day as determined by the entry of the first observer. The environment persists until 6:04 PM resets' to approximately 10:27 AM (as determined by shadow length, sun position and the times at which local residents are seen to return home from work or school). Observers at this point report seeing a blonde woman walking away from SCP-1061's driver's door.

The second anomalous property manifests when a live human sits in touches SCP-1061's driver's seat. All such humans, with the exception of passenger-seat observers, become instances of SCP-1061-1. SCP-1061-1 is a human whose mind has been  she is also believed to have been the woman seen walking away from SCP-1061 when its illusory environment resets. Instances of SCP-1061-1 believe that they are still in 1996. Even when removed from SCP-1061, instances of SCP-1061-1 believe that they are either at home or at one of various locations in or around the city of [REDACTED] and cannot be convinced otherwise.

When allowed to remain within SCP-1061, SCP-1061-1 will  however, the overall nature of the errands remains the same.

After no less than 36 minutes and no more than 70 minutes, SCP-1061  past [REDACTED] Laboratories and is involved in a head-on collision with a delivery van. Passenger-seat observers will be unaffected by the illusory impact, but SCP-1061-1 (who is not wearing its seatbelt) will be thrown forward with the typical force exerted on an unbelted driver engaged in a head-on collision.

At this point, SCP-1061's third anomalous property will manifest. High-speed photography reveals that within 2 milliseconds of SCP-1061-1's head touching the portion of windshield damaged by the impact with [REDACTED]'s head in 1996, [DATA EXPUNGED] and SCP-1061-1's head vanishes. Once decapitated, instances of SCP-1061-1 are no longer considered anomalous and can be disposed of appropriately.

Passenger-seat observers present during the  however, the anecdotal data responses have largely been in accordance with each other.]



Interview log 

Dr. ███████ : So why is it doing this?

D-1061-14 : It's like this, see - it didn't know we were here, it didn't even know our whole dimension even existed, until right after the car crash, understand?

Dr. ███████ : Okay

D-1061-14 : And now it wants more car crashes, 'cause, well, it likes human heads.

Dr. ███████ : It likes them? To eat?

D-1061-14 : Uh, I dunno if that's the right word, honestly. Anyway, so it wants more car crashes so it can get more heads, see, but it doesn't know how to make them happen. So it's okay, you guys are scientists, right? So you all did grade 8 science class?

Dr. ███████ : I suppose we did, yes. So?

D-1061-14 : So you remember about, like, setting up an experiment, doing something different ways to find out which part matters?

Dr. ███████ : oh! You mean experimental conditions?

D-1061-14 : Yeah, that shit. So the thing is, this fucker, it doesn't know what made the car crash happen. So it's got all the experimental conditions  and it's makin' 'em happen over and over. Every time someone gets in the driver's seat, bam, their brain turns into whatserface from 1996 and she drives around for an hour until she gets in a car crash and then it has her head.

Dr. ███████ : Thank you, this is most helpful. Tell me, how is it you know all this?

D-1061-14 : I was front-seat passenger, doc. Anyone who's front-seat passenger during the crash knows this.

Dr. ███████ : Ah. Thank you very much. One other question - why is it using such a complicated method? If it has the power to do all these things, aren't there much simpler ways?

D-1061-14 : Just between you and me, doc I don't think it's very smart. It's afraid to change too much, 'cause maybe it'll stop working.
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                vehicle
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            20 Aug 2019 20:42
            
            Edit
+223)
Tags
Discuss (79)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Το Ίδρυμα SCP
                      
              Ελληνόφωνος Κλάδος
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Terras de Portugal
                      
              Portugal em pormenor!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Διαφήμιση και παιδί
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Soymilk Linkshell
                      
              Professional, drama-free dynamis since 2005!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

