                        


Item #:  SCP-497

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-497 is to be kept in a secure soundproofed room under continuous observation by standard security cameras. One guard and two medical personnel equipped with high-grade earplugs are to be posted at the door of the containment chamber at all times. Only cleared personnel are permitted to handle SCP-497.

If SCP-497 materializes a body, medical personnel are to evaluate the subject's health and notify security. If still viable, the subject shall be escorted to a medical ward to be processed. Dead or terminal subjects are to be analyzed and then disposed of according to standard procedure.

Description:  SCP-497 appears to be an Eustrombus gigas conch seashell. Recordings have shown that SCP-497 continuously emits a very faint sound of voices screaming from within its shell. This sound dissipates a few inches away from the object.

Periodically, SCP-497 will become active and its sound will increase greatly in magnitude for approximately one minute. Following this, an emaciated human subject materializes, holding SCP-497, and then collapses to the floor unconscious or dead. Instances of activity under normal conditions have been observed to occur at a minimum of two weeks apart, and a maximum of two years apart, with an average of four months. SCP-497 has materialized ███ subjects since containment began, detailed in Document █████. No subjects absorbed during experiments involving SCP-497 have been recovered.

Subjects that hold SCP-497 near their ear and listen to it for more than ██ seconds will appear to fall unconscious, and then disintegrate. This leaves SCP-497 to fall to the floor. During periods of high magnitude sound production, any subject that hears the sound will be absorbed, even if not in close proximity to the object. Experimentation has shown that the subject must actually listen to and hear SCP-497 in order to be absorbed. Subjects listening remotely or listening to recorded sound from SCP-497 are not affected. See Experiment 497-A for further details.

It is possible to damage SCP-497, and samples have been extracted by using diamond drill bits. However, SCP-497's sound will increase in magnitude when damaged, and will materialize subjects at a greatly accelerated rate. The shell will quickly repair itself during this period as well. Attempts to continue damaging SCP-497 will cause its sound to increase exponentially. Determination of the composition of the samples has so far proved inconclusive. Extraction of further samples is advised against. See Experiment 497-B for details of early extraction attempts.

Addendum: 

SCP-497 has produced subjects of various ages of both genders. Subjects have been comprised of a majority of people of Indian descent, with a small percentage of other races. Approximately eighty percent of recovered subjects have been dead. Of the remaining twenty percent, only three percent have survived more than two days after being released from SCP-497. Severe malnutrition and resulting complications have been the primary cause of death.

SCP-497 was recovered in ██████████'s house in ██████, India, following an investigation into missing persons reports. The situation was brought to the attention of the Foundation after the discovery of many unsolved missing persons cases originating near the location, dating back hundreds of years. Agents ██████ and ████ were called in to investigate the house and surrounding area. SCP-497 was discovered to hold supernatural qualities after Agent ████ found it among a collection of shells and was absorbed into the object.  –Agent ██████ during debriefing.

Experiment 497-A: 

Subject:  Human equipped with earplugs.

Result:  Subject holds shell up to ear, is not absorbed.

Subject:  Human equipped with headphones with loud music playing.

Result:  Subject holds shell up to ear, is not absorbed.

Subject:  Deaf human.

Result:  Subject holds shell up to ear, is not absorbed.

Subject:  Chimpanzee.

Result:  Subject is allowed to interact with the object. After approximately fifteen minutes, the subject holds the shell up to its ear and is absorbed.

Experiment 497-B: 

Under direction of Dr. ██████, a Class-D personnel attempts to remove a sample of SCP-497 with a power drill.





0805: Standard drill bits prove ineffective and are replaced with diamond bits.

0810: Two (2) millimeters of depth reached with the drill. Observation room reports substantial increase in SCP-497's sound magnitude.

0811: A dead subject materializes in the chamber. Class-D is interrupted from drilling, and reports rapid repair of the shell. A decrease in sound magnitude to normal levels is recorded.

0820: The subject is removed from the test chamber. Dr. ██████ authorizes continued drilling.

0825: Two (2) millimeters depth is reached again. An increase of SCP-497's sound magnitude is again reported.

0826: A new subject materializes and is removed from chamber. Class-D quickly resumes drilling.

0829: Four (4) millimeters of depth is achieved. SCP-497's sound magnitude level increases beyond the rating of the Class-D’s earplugs. Three subjects materialize within thirty (30) seconds of the volume increase. Both the Class-D and the drill are absorbed into SCP-497. The hole repairs quickly and a decrease in sound magnitude is recorded.
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                self-repairing
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            05 Mar 2020 04:14
            
            Edit
+41)
Tags
Discuss (30)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            BattleSpace Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SB-KO2
                      
              SCP-KO 샌드박스 이호기
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SFU Game Developers Club
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Isocentre Archive
                      
              Where ideas intersect
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

