                        


Item #:  SCP-4001-B

Object Class:  Safe1

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4001-B is secured within a steel bunker, constructed for its containment in Tokyo, Japan. The buildings around the bunker have been purchased by the Foundation, and are being rented out to a number of karate dojos, cheap love hotels, and cheaper ramen bars to help maintain the facade.

In the event of a large hostile assault against SCP-4001-B, all available teams are to be deployed to defend SCP-4001-B2.

Open flames are strictly forbidden within SCP-4001-B, as are missile launchers, shruiken or kunai, or katanas of any kind. Writing utensils may only be brought inside SCP-4001-B with a majority vote by the O5-Council3.

Description:  SCP-4001-B consists of a small doorway within a basement, leading to a staircase descending 15 meters below ground. The staircase enters into a large room stacked with bookshelves4. The room does not conform to Euclidian geometry; it is possible to walk in any one direction and eventually return to the point of origin.

The room is filled entirely by bookshelves. The main walkway originates from the staircase and runs in both directions the full length of SCP-4001-B, with funky futon mats situated every 20 meters along the main walkway5. Under appropriate lighting conditions, it is possible to see oneself in the distance by looking in the appropriate direction.

SCP-4001-B represents a complete archive of every human life to date, and is continuously self-updating. Every human being that has ever lived has a single corresponding shonen manga within the archive, covering all important events in their life in a typically exaggerated format. As humans are born, new books are added to the archive. Books are stored in order of individuals' births, and the spine and front cover of each book is inscribed with the name of those it refers to. The general text and speech bubbles are written in a language which is simultaneously unlike any existing language known to the Foundation, while simultaneously being completely comprehensible to any literate individual reading it6. The total number of books is estimated at approximately 120 billion.

The contents of the books represent the idealised life of the individuals contained within. Altering the contents of the books has a corresponding effect upon reality, with names, vendettas, superpowers, hair colour7 and style, backstories, waifus, fetishes and perversions, personality quirks, and even complete existences changing accordingly to alterations applied to the book. Important life events are included, but they are exaggerated to the point of ridiculousness, with individuals demonstrating abilities and personality traits far beyond their own. As such, amendments made directly to books typically do not result in any change unless specifically entered in manga format, and suitably exaggerated as is expected of shonen manga.

SCP-4001-B was first encountered by Foundation staff in 19██. A local group of teenagers were attempting to use the archives to write their history papers, among other uses8.

Notable Texts: 

The Sultry Stories of Cleopatra of the Nile. Details the life of Cleopatra VII, last pharaoh of Egypt. A supremely hardcore hentai with political undertones. Chapters include [REDACTED], [REDACTED], and [REDACTED]9.

The Martial Chronicles of Joan d'Arc. Details the life of French commander and religious figurehead Joan of Arc. Chapters include a lengthy conversation with SCP-343, multiple battles using sorcery, cannonades, and sniper rifles, a number of katana duels with English knights, and a spectacularly tragic death scene of her burning at the stake spanning some 50 heartrending pages.

The Wonderful Life of Leonardo Da Vinci. Details the life of artist, engineer and all around polymath Leonardo Da Vinci. Comedic in tone. Chapters include multiple torrid love affairs with various men, multiple wacky adventures with his devices, a Q-like relationship with a weirdo figure in a hood with no fear of heights, and a chapter where he builds a time machine so he can get proper notes and sketches for his masterpiece The Last Supper.

The Ruthless Royal, Henry  Tudor VIII. Details the life of English king Henry VIII. Chapters include several jousting tourneys10, his incredibly profane rap battle with Pope Clement VII, a large number of explicit hentai scenes with various numbers of his seventeen wives, the brutal executions of four of his wives (including a lengthy superpowered fight with Anne Boleyn), and his eventual death due to hyper-obesity.

The Life and Times of Abraham  Lincoln. Details the life of American President Abraham Lincoln. Chapters include his early career as a pugilist lawyer, his brutal broadsword duel against James Shields, his brief tenure as a vampire slayer, a number of spectacular hand to hand brawls in Congress, his unleashment of an energy beam against the forces of slavery, and his epic sniper duel to the death against John Wilkes Booth.

The Chronicles of Theodore  Roosevelt. Details the life of American President Theodore 'Teddy' Roosevelt. Chapters include him punching his own heart condition back into health, an incredibly sorrowful chapter regaling the death of his wife and mother, his time in the West as a sharpshooting cowboy, his cavalry charge against energy weapons, his feud with the New York mob bosses during his tenure as NYPD commissioner, his ascension to Omega status with the death of McKinley, him tanking a hailfire of bullets during his inaugral speech, a boxing match to the death against a grizzly bear during his presidency that resulted in him being blinded in one eye, and his eventual epic duel with death himself11.

Addendum 4001-B1:  Cataloging Assistance System

On ██/██/20██, a team of researchers and engineers completed the construction of a system which would enable easier access to the archives. Due to the sheer size of the archives, many days or even weeks of travel were required to locate older books. Thus, the Cataloging Assistance System was installed.

In order to use the Cataloging Assistance System, users should follow these steps:

Use the installed computers to search for the person of interest from the database, and receive their coordinates
Input the coordinates into the Cataloging Assistance System
Put on a crash helmet and a bubble suit12, and get into the Cataloging Assistance System
Push the launch button.


Depending on aerodynamics, users will typically land within 100 to 200 meters of their intended text.

Addendum 4001-B2:  Incident 4001-BK

On ██/██/████, [REDACTED] entered SCP-4001 without permission, and used the Cataloging Assistance System to locate their own book. They then used an HB pencil to add several panels to the last pages of their own book, detailing their discovery of an immensely powerful artifact, which was then used to turn themselves into a god of corruption.

Later that day, they found a 5000-yen note on the ground outside SCP-4001-B, and spent it on cheap ramen that gave them diarrhoea for a week.

Footnotes
1. Probably. Though we'd all feel a lot better if this thing that will kill us all if it burns or floods wasn't located underground in the most earthquake-prone nation on Earth.
2. Authorisation for the deployment of MechaGodzilla has also been proposed, and is under consideration by the O5 Council.
3. Crayons and coloured are permitted, though, for the purpose of colouring in pages.
4. Attempts to dig into SCP-4001-B from outside have resulting in digging into three phone lines, two sewerage pipes, and a yakuza torture dungeon, indicating that SCP-4001-B exists within an extra-dimensional space.
5. Proposals to install a sushi bar have been denied.
6. Assuming that said individual knows that manga is read right-to-left.
7. Up to and including blue hair. Somehow.
8. A large number of the books within the archive could be more accurately described as hentai rather than shonen.
9. Researcher Note from Researcher Tanaka: If anyone needs this, I'll be in my bunk. For research purposes.
10. The text displays them using tyrannosaurs instead of horses.
11. A surprisingly small amount of this is hyperbole; he actually did most of this.
12. Mops are kept on hand for individuals who fail to follow this instruction.


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                subterranean
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            29 Dec 2019 22:08
            
            Edit
+64)
Tags
Discuss (12)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            BZHLab
                      
              Makers goes west!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Share Coke Codes
                      
              Sharing happiness by sharing Coke rewards codes.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-JPサンドボックスⅢ
                      
              a.k.a 下書きフォーラム v2
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            文明情报处
                      
              我们行走在沙滩之上，遥望那远处的星空
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

