                        


Item:  SCP-4128-J

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4128-J should be secured in a standard Low Threat storage unit when not in use. Interaction is limited to four hours per day per researcher.

Description:  SCP-4128-J is a hive mind collective consisting of 3 levothyroxin tablets and 3 cetirizine hydrochloride tablets. These are currently housed in a mundane pharmaceutical pill bottle.

When emptied onto a flat surface, SCP-4128-J is capable of rudimentary visual communication through assisted self-configuration. It displays both an understanding of basic human concepts and a persistent memory of previous communications.

More than eight hours' exposure per day may cause memetic effects mimicking mutual affection and interpersonal bonding. Whilst SCP-4128-J is non-hostile, these effects are cumulative and may result in staff divulging unsanitized, sensitive or otherwise inappropriate information. In such cases, standard re-assignment applies.

Test #15,321  (Unofficial, unscheduled. Full test protocols not applied).

Please Note: Procedure A consists of the researcher waiting five seconds, collecting up the SCP-4128-J instances, putting them into their container, shaking them, then emptying them out into a green receptacle.


Set-up

Set-up


Researcher Gwent shakes SCP-4128-J's bottle, then randomly tips the SCP-4128-J instances into a green receptacle. Result: Communication 1.




Communication1

Communication1




Communication 1



Researcher Gwent:  Sorry. Didn't mean to shake you so hard. Hope I didn't wake you Just came by to say it's Christmas Day. It's Christmas Day and I'm locked up here.

Researcher Gwent performs Procedure A. Result: Communication 2.




Communication2

Communication2




Communication 2



Researcher Gwent:  Don't give me the cold shoulder treatment. I didn't mean to be insensitive; I meant we're both locked up here. Sorry - I'm not myself. You may have already heard but I've been reassigned to other duties with immediate effect. They think we're getting too 

Researcher Gwent performs Procedure A. Result: Communication 3.




Communication3

Communication3




Communication 3



Researcher Gwent:  I'm sorry. I'm needed elsewhere. Dangerous research that only I can handle. That multi-dimensional pyramid scheme.

Researcher Gwent performs Procedure A. Result: Communication 4.




Communication4

Communication4




Communication 4



Researcher Gwent:  Yeah that's the one.

Researcher Gwent performs Procedure A. Result: Communication 5.




Communication5

Communication5




Communication 5



Researcher Gwent:  Hey, don't fret. It's okay. Nothing I can't handle. It's okay. Really Hey can you do me a final favour for old time's sake? Can you do me something cute? A bunny rabbit?

Researcher Gwent performs Procedure A. Result: Communication 6.




Communication6

Communication6




Communication 5



Researcher Gwent:  Don't make this any harder than it already is. Please?

Researcher Gwent performs Procedure A. Result: Communication 7.




Communication7

Communication7




Communication 7



Researcher Dialogue:  That is so adorable. I love rabbits. Or is it KFC Guy?

Researcher Gwent performs Procedure A. Result: Communication 8.




Communication8

Communication8




Communication 8



Researcher Gwent:  Sorry, sorry. Just trying to lighten the mood.

Seeing how it's Christmas Day, and I'm here sitting in a cold white research chamber, whilst everyone else has gone home maybe something festive? Maybe Santa?

Researcher Gwent performs Procedure A. Result: Communication 9.




Communication9

Communication9




Communication 8



Researcher Gwent:  That makes me feel happy and sad at the same time. Well I guess that's that. I only popped by to say a final farewell. I probably won't see you again, but I just want you to know it's been a privilege to get to know you. We've had some times together, haven't we? Goodbye, SCP-4128-J. Goodbye.

Researcher Gwent waits five seconds, collects up the SCP-4128-J instances and puts them back into their container. He appears to be distracted and in a state of sadness. He neglects to secure the container and instead places it onto a coaster. He then proceeds to exit the research chamber after glancing back at SCP-4128-J's container.

The following is picked up by motion-sensitive cameras: the chamber door closes and this causes the container to slip off the coaster. The contents spill into the green receptacle. See Final Communication.




FinalCommunication

FinalCommunication




Final Communication



Dr Gwent 1: FFS




Footnotes
1. Dr Gwent is currently cataloging the List of Anomalous Items.


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Mar 2019 13:20
            
            Edit
+93)
Tags
Discuss (28)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Borderlands Modding Resource
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金會
                      
              控制，收容，保護
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Data Structures
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Radiohub
                      
              Lossless Radiohead Hub Wiki
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

