                        


Item #:  SCP-41-D3N73-J

Object Class:  worst

Special Containment Procedures:  Iwhatever. They're in a room, they're not hurting anyone. I guess if one of them gets sassy just boil it in water and be done with it. For real. I had them install a stove and sink in the room just for that because there's no oversight in this department. Also, you're not supposed to eat them, but if you want to live life on the edge I'm not going to stop you.

Description:  SCP-41-D3N73-J is a shelf of sapient boxes of pasta, all unfortunately capable of speech. There's linguine, capellini, mostaccioli, penneprobably spaghetti and angel hair too, I dunno. I got bored of listening to them and gave up checking each box. They all speak English in a frankly offensive and exaggerated Italian accent. It's pretty insulting, especially when you consider my parents were Italian immigrants. Yeah, thanks for assigning this one to me, knowing that my mom died 4 months ago. Really cool.

SCP-41-D3N73-J instances are not capable of movement, and mostly spend their time arguing with each other in their Looney Toons-esque vernacular, which usually lacks any semblance of sense, continuity, or just general logic. I did some science and the result is that SCP-41-D3N73 is the dumbest goddam thing we've ever contained. See the interview below. Tried to make the language as accurate as possible so the insensitivity really shines through.

Interview 41-D3-whatever 



Me:  Hello, I am Dr. Fattore. May I ask you a few questions?

SCP-41-D3N73-J(a single box of rigatoni):  Oh ma goodness! Of a coursa you may!

Me:  Jesus. Yeah, okaywhat is your earliest memory?

SCP-41-D3N73-J:  Letta me think about that one! I think it wasa when my mama made a me a big ol' spicy meatball!

Me:  

SCP-41-D3N73-J:  Ora maybe it a was whena my papa firsta broughta me to church. I wasa very young boy anda I hada just turned a 3 yearsa old, and hada eat my first cannoli.

Me:  Okay. Okay. So, I'm just going to rephrase the question a bit.

SCP-41-D3N73-J:  Soundsa gooda!

Me:  Stop. Just. Stop. Stop it.

SCP-41-D3N73-J:  I'ma no doing anything!

Me:  Why do you choose to be this way?

SCP-41-D3N73-J:  Whata you mean?

Me:  Do you have free will?

SCP-41-D3N73-J:  Idon't really know.

Me:  Your accent is dropping.

SCP-41-D3N73-J:  Idon'ta know whatta you talking about?

Me:  Did you care at all when I boiled your neighbor? Do you miss Rotini at all?

SCP-41-D3N73-J:  Mya mama used a to make a rotini sometimes

Me:  No. No, the box of rotini that was next to you. The one you used to have conversations with about Venice constantly. The one who wouldn't answer any of my questions and kept blathering about Mussolini so I emptied his contents into a pot of boiling water, and now he doesn't seem to talka so gooda anymore.

SCP-41-D3N73-J:  I'ma having an existential-a crisis!

Me:  Sometimes I have a hard time with the notion that I'm ostensibly being paid $78 an hour to have conversations with things like you.

SCP-41-D3N73:  I knowa whata you mean! It'sa like whena da pasta no come out al dente!

Me:  unbelievable. Some idiot probably thought that was hilarious. This place is run by (even pescier mumbling)

SCP-41-D3N73-J:  Mama mia!

sound of a box of pasta hitting a concrete wall

the pesciest of mumbling can be faintly heard
附加记录：    

Addendum-1:  So, um, I know I probably shouldn't be writing anything here, or touching anything, but one of the boxes of pasta fell on the floor and was screaming in broken Italian, and Dr. Fattore wasn't in his office, just a crude dummy he put together to make it look like he was asleep at his laptop. So I put the pasta box back on the shelf and it's just whimpering now about the trains running on time. Please don't fire me. - Ardy from Southeast Custodial Professionals.

                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Apr 2020 15:34
            
            Edit
+101)
Tags
Discuss (24)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Performance  Philosophy
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            VyprMedia
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            O5 Command
                      
              Why they changed it I cant say. People just liked it better that way
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Khais personal knowledge vault.
                      
              Materials on this site are not original. When possible, references to original articles are listed on each page.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

