                        




Location of SCP-2395-A.



Item #:  SCP-2395

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Observation Post 44 is to maintain communication and support from Area-30 while continuing surveillance of SCP-2395 and SCP-2395-A. A precautionary 250m radius zone around SCP-2395 has been established, which Observation Post 44 will continue to monitor for any notable movement or activity. Further information from SCP-2395-A's occupant has been deemed unlikely following communication with Dr. Mill.

Description:  SCP-2395 is a giant price tag, located at 82°08'02.1 [sic].

SCP-2395 is tied to a small rebar loop embedded in the ground by a 0.7m length of twine. SCP-2395's dimensions are 258m by 90m in length and width; a 2.5m layer of Polyethylene covers the paper inscribed with SCP-2395's price.

SCP-2395 possesses unpredictable centrifugal and centripetal movement around the rebar loop, usually being manipulated and shifted by unknown forces in random directions and velocities. One instance has occurred where SCP-2395 maintained a constant velocity of approximately 65km/h on the date of 11/2/16, spinning clockwise for 49 seconds. Researchers note the twine that secures SCP-2395 to the rebar loop may possess anomalous tensile properties.

SCP-2395-A is a wooden shack located 0.3km east of SCP-2395. The structure is empty, save for a room in which an unknown individual, presumably a human female, prohibits access from within. The door to their room is engraved with the initials  This individual (designated SCP-2395-B) has responded to no verbal communication, but has occasionally been recorded conversing with other entities.

Addendum 2395-Q:  [8/2/1968] After numerous attempts to establish an interview with SCP-2395-B, surveillance cameras recorded a saw protruding from the door, creating a rectangular hole akin to a mail slot, and a scrap of paper being pushed out. A written message on the paper contained the following:



fine, write down questions and ill get to them in my down time
附加记录：    

Dr. Mill from Area-30 was brought to communicate with SCP-2395-B, and suggested continued usage of paper notes to recover more information. Note that SCP-2395-B's responses are received in one to two days following Dr. Mill's responses.



Mill:  So if you would prefer I pass notes like this, rather than converse, all I'd like to do is ask a few questions regarding your environment and role, would this be fine?

2395-B:  ≤10 words or else you're wasting my time

Mill:  Could you explain why you're here?

2395-B:  It's fricking cold all day and I have work

Mill:  What kind of work?

2395-B:  I'm waiting for purchase offers. The price isn't set in stone, but this is the kind of minimum we have to offer to make a profit

Mill:  So you're working for an organization?

2395-B:  You blind or something, name's on the door

Mill:  Can you explain the price tag's movement?

2395-B:  Already said I'm trying to make a sale here.

Mill:  What exactly are you selling?

2395-B:  Earth.

Mill:  Please elaborate.

2395-B:  Earth, planet, terra nova, blue ball of life, flesh cesspool, etcetera.

Mill:  That doesn't explain the price tag's movement.

2395-B:  Well, you know when you pick up a stick with a dying leaf on it? Or when you pick up something at a store with a price tag attached to it and inspect it a bit, and the price tag might flop around a bit? And you might grab the price tag to get a look at the price? Now imagine something else looking at that price tag. Actually scratch that, since you can't.

You getting it now? We're selling the Earth. And I'm busy speaking to willing buyers.

附加记录：    

Addendum 2395-LC:  For more information regarding Group of Interest , contact Dr. Mill for SCP-2940.








‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  ShittyHut.jpg

Name:  Antarctica: Delta Trip to Cape Evans

Author:  Eli Duke

License:  CC BY-SA 2.0

Source Link:  Link
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                telekinetic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Sep 2020 02:53
            
            Edit
+96)
Tags
Discuss (16)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ಕನ್ನಡನುಡಿ
                      
              ಕನ್ನಡ ಸಾಹಿತ್ಯಾಸಕ್ತರ ಕೂಟ
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Type Set Coin Collecting
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Coffeetime Extra
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CaughtNotSleeping
                      
              Its just a game...
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

