                        



Item #:  SCP-2783

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Complete information regarding SCP-2783 is restricted to individuals with Level 5 Security Clearance. Physical access to SCP-2783 is likewise restricted to personnel with Level 5 Security Clearance and requires Overseer permission. Personnel assigned to SCP-2783 must undergo appropriate amnestic therapy upon reassignment. Exploration must be carried out by personnel qualified in basic extradimensional exploration procedures. Standard non-hostile environment exploration equipment and supplies are required for all explorations. Man-portable exploration drones, man-powered vehicles (such as bicycles), and other surveying equipment may also be permitted on a case-by-case basis.

Description:  SCP-2783 is an extradimensional anomaly accessible through the door of the former Laboratory 37 of the 3 No physical evidence of SCP-2783 has been uncovered at this location to date.

The interior of SCP-2783 visually resembles a graveyard. Subjects manifest inside of a fence approximately 1 meter past a gate; walking through this gate returns subjects to the Artificial Intelligence Wing at Site-43. Subjects have reported a variety of disparate, mutually exclusive conditions within SCP-2783.4 These disparities include climate and meteorological conditions within SCP-2783, generally conforming to contemporary seasonal conditions typical of the current subject's place of birth, or a locale they strongly culturally identify with. All graves in SCP-2783 are near-uniformly marked, with markers again conforming to customs typical in the current subject's place of birth. Many subjects have noted an apparent similarity to military graveyards. All epitaphs and other markings are in the current subject's native language. All graves have, to date, remained consistently dedicated to the same or similar persons.

Graves will always appear in square grids, 300 graves to a side, 90,000 graves per grid. For ease of documentation, grids are assigned a two-letter designation with individual graves given a numeric designation. For a full map of the interior of SCP-2783 with current grids and grave numbers, consult Document SCP-2783/B.

The number of graves increases at a seemingly arbitrary rate, with the apparent borders of the graveyard expanding to accommodate these changes and new grids beginning as necessary. At time of writing, SCP-2783 contains an estimated one million graves. The border of SCP-2783 is a fence or other marker that also conforms to customs from the current subject's place of birth. All attempts to pass this barrier to date have failed. The apparent climate outside the borders of the graveyard appears to match the climate within.

Ground-penetrating radar tests indicate that approximately 30% of graves contain human remains; the remaining 70% are unoccupied. The significance of this is unknown.

Origins/Recovery:  On 13 October ████, simultaneous Containment failures of on-site copies of SCP-1073 provided assistance to site security that proved essential in limiting damage caused by the mass breach. ██████.aic was rendered inoperable, all SCP entities were neutralized, and three site security personnel were killed as a result of this incident.

Following the recovery of the remains of the deceased site security personnel, materials relating to the terminated SCP entities and AI construct were moved to a secure locker within Laboratory 37. Following the conclusion of the incident investigator's shift, the Laboratory was locked. When maintenance personnel attempted to enter the Laboratory in order to inspect and clean it, the anomaly was triggered and site security notified.

Following initial explorations into the anomaly, current containment procedures were put into effect with Level 5 security measures being effected following more extensive exploration.

Notable Inscriptions: 

Howl?

Howl?


 The Black Moon sings in remembrance of those lost in forgotten wars.
BE ADVISED: THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION IS LIMITED TO PERSONNEL WITH LEVEL 4 SECURITY CLEARANCE. YOUR ACCESS HAS BEEN LOGGED WITH THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION.

The following is a list of gravestone inscriptions deemed noteworthy by the Records and Information Security Administration. A full list can be accessed by authorized personnel by contacting your Site RAISA representative.


Grave Number
Name Inscribed
Epitaph
Notes


AA-00000


All instances of grave AA-00000 manifest bearing an inscription memorializing a creator deity. No apparent favoritism of any religion has been observed. ██ variants have been observed to date.


AA-00001


All iterations of Grave AA-00001 manifest with the name of a mythical  has been observed in approximately 70% of explorations.


AA-00002


All iterations of Grave AA-00002 have mentioned a mythical  manifests in approximately 70% of iterations.


AA-00005


Inscription has remained unchanged in all iterations.


AA-00006


Inscription has remained unchanged in all iterations.


AB-21917


Radar investigation of the grave indicates that the entity interred within possessed biology atypical of baseline humans.


AL-21343


The name listed on Gravestone AL-21343 varies equally between  The significance of this is unknown.


AL-30056


No evidence of anomalous phenomena associated with this individual has been found to date.


AL-41867


Radar investigation of the grave indicates that a 1.8 meter human skeleton is interred within. Further information cannot be obtained without exhumation of the remains.


AM-19186


Remains interred within appear incomplete. Significance of this is unknown.


AM-19273


Date of birth and date of death are consistent with an individual who served in the Imperial Russian Army and later defected to the Red Army during the Russian Revolution. No records indicate that this individual was involved in anomalous activity.


AM-20367

Information has been redacted by order of RAISA; Level 5 Security Clearance Required 
First instance of a grave marker directly referencing information classified at Foundation Security Level 5. This and several grave markers immediately following present an apparent security breach surrounding Operation Hammer and Operation Anvil. Investigation into the source of this breach is ongoing.


AM-20381

Information has been redacted by order of RAISA; Level 5 Security Clearance Required 
Interred remains appear to be of a machine of indeterminate purpose.


AM-21450


The name listed on Gravestone AM-21450 varies equally between SCP-450.


AM-21488
Marvin.aic

On initial exploration, grave AM-21488 was the most distant from the entrance to SCP-2783, indicating it to be the most recent grave to be added. Radar investigation of the grave indicates that it contains computer hardware found missing from a secure locker in Laboratory 37 via drone exploration.






Exploration Log 926: 

Howl?

Howl?


 The Black Moon howls in mourning for lost children as the survivors arm themselves for war.
Level 5 Security Clearance credentials accepted. Your access has been logged with RAISA. Welcome, Overseer.

On 15 October 2017, a routine exploration of SCP-2783 was being carried out by Agent Phillip McClean when Agent McClean noted the presence of multiple humanoid entities previously not encountered in SCP-2783. These entities were captured by audiovisual recording equipment.

There were 13 total entities recorded, six seemingly female and seven seemingly male. Racial/ethnic profile of the entities was not apparent from either the recording or Agent McClean's testimony. All entities manifested in close proximity to a new grave marker near the border of SCP-2783's interior. All entities wore identical black dress coats and slacks, grey dress shirts, and black ties. All coats bore a coat-of-arms patch on both shoulders consisting of a white circular shield with three equidistant protrusions; inside the shield were three equidistant black arrows piercing a white circle outlined in black. All entities additionally wore black-and-white peaked caps bearing the same insignia on the face.

Unlike all previous new gravestone manifestations, there was a grave in front of the marker, dug approximately 1.8 meters deep. Six of the entities manifested bearing an unadorned casket; the seven remaining entities manifested carrying bolt-action rifles of unknown make. The entities were recorded marching in a tight formation to the gravesite; upon reaching the gravesite, the entities bearing the casket methodically lowered the casket into the grave as the entities bearing rifles stepped aside in single file, assuming the position of  upon stopping. When the entities lowering the casket completed, they rendered hand salutes as the entities bearing rifles carried out a three-volley salute. Following this, all entities marched in single file to the gate of SCP-2783, where they demanifested. Upon later inspection, the new gravesite appeared undisturbed.

Breakdown of the inscription on the grave marker is included below:


Grave Number
Name Inscribed
Epitaph
Notes


AM-21530


Exploration 926 occurred 48 hours following the extrication of over a dozen Foundation personnel from SCP-1730 immediately prior to its neutralization. Captain Hollis went missing during this extrication and is presumed killed in action. It is unknown at this time if the remains interred in SCP-2783 correspond to Captain Hollis. Possible exhumation is currently under Ethics Committee review.






Footnotes
1. Such individuals will be referred to as  for the remainder of this article.
2. Machine exploration does not trigger this anomaly. Also of note is the fact that Laboratory 37 may only be accessed through remotely-operated machines at this time.
3. As a result of sociopolitical conditions in the region of the tomb, abandonment of this site and evacuation of personnel is currently under consideration. Remote monitoring of the location would continue in this contingency.
4. This disparity exists even when there are multiple subjects within SCP-2783.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                structure
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Apr 2018 21:07
            
            Edit
+111)
Tags
Discuss (28)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Fairfield Project
                      
              The Delta Green wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bozic Nation
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fifth Sanctum School for The Supernatural
                      
              fun and friendship in a semi-serious roleplay about teens in a school for supernatural
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Pediatric Hematology  Oncology Certification Review
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

