                        


Item #:  SCP-117

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-117 is to be kept in the small leather pouch it was found in, unless in use or in current study.

Any personnel deemed mentally fit may enter the containment cell of the SCP, though if they are suspected to be trying to remove the SCP without permission, they are to be searched, and if that is the case, they are to be reprimanded.

The door to the containment cell should remain locked, and a guard posted only when the object is in use.

Description:  The item appears to be a regular multitool, of unknown make and brand, found in ███████████, Florida. At first glance, only the normal tools are found (screwdriver, knife, can opener, etc.), but if the user is faced with a task, regardless of what tool the subject intends to pull out and use, a tool perfectly fitted for the job will take its place, regardless of spacial quantities that are being broken by the tool. All other tools always seem to be present, though, after the task is completed and the tool closed, unless faced with a task requiring that tool again, the tool cannot be found on the tool again.

Addendum:  Those with Level 2 Security Clearance should see Document #117-B

Document #117-A:  Effects of Usage

After countless uses and testing with the SCP, it has been discovered to cause harm, and possibly death to the user by means of absorbing iron, copper, calcium, and zinc from the user's body as long as the user is touching the device. Gloves seem to have no curbing effect on this, and the rate of absorption seems to depend on the tools used/created by SCP-117. It is advised that only Class D personnel are used in conjunction with this SCP, to prevent death or injury of researchers.

Document #117-B:  Usage Log of SCP-117

{Redundant entries not entered, unless they exhibit different results.}

Situation - Tool produced by SCP

A loose screw on a metal plate - Screwdriver, though not the standard screwdriver


A nail barely in piece of timber - Standard hammer


A piece of timber with proposed cut lines drawn - An electric saw, which needed no outside power source


A piece of bullet proof glass - An unknown laser cutting tool, which needed no outside power source


SCP-███ - A bloodied combat knife


An Agent with a broken bone - A small item with a trigger, which when pulled emitted an odd radiation, instantly healing the injury


Class D personnel fit for execution - [DATA EXPUNGED]


Communication needed with SCP-363 - [DATA EXPUNGED] (See Incident Report #117-3f; O5-X Clearance required)


A non-shuffled deck of playing cards - A mid-size mechanical shuffler.


Class D personnel with terminal cancer - Item similar to sixth test.


A perfectly healthy Caucasian human male, with no criminal record - [DATA EXPUNGED]


A perfectly healthy Hispanic human male, with no criminal record - [DATA EXPUNGED]


A silver dinner fork in perfect condition - No tools could be found on the SCP.


[DATA EXPUNGED] - A screwdriver.


A dirty window - A nozzle that sprayed a mixture of soap and water that completely cleaned the window.


An uncharged iPod - The iPod end of the charging cord, which needed no outside power source.


A blank sheet of standard computer paper - A pen filled with a seemingly infinite supply of black ink.


A Samsung cellular phone - A small device that when attached to the phone, increased signal strength by approx. 250%.


Document #117-G:  Developments Concerning SCP-117

 - Dr. Climan

The above was a transcript of the personal notes of Dr. Climan, who seems to have taken a harmless interest in the object. Testing with other SCPs is suspended as of 9/16/██.

Note #117-1:  5/4/██

Testing is suggested for SCP-882, and is under consideration by Dr. Climan.

Note #117-2:  6/19/20██

Further biological testing is halted by Dr. Climan after Incident #117-4a; The SCP is still fit to be used for any repairs around the facilities, as long as the SCP is followed by one or more armed guards briefed on proper use of the SCP.

Note #117-4:  6/21/20██

 - Dr. Climan

Note #117-26:  9/16/██

 - Dr. Climan

Note #117-27:  7/20/██

Biological testing resumed by Dr. Climan, with mixed results. Testing of SCP-117 with other SCPs under re-consideration by O5-█, though it seems unlikely further testing will occur.

Note #117-28:  3/20/██

Testing is suggested for SCP-682.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                weapon
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 09:48
            
            Edit
+49)
Tags
Discuss (33)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Tauren Ate My Grandma
                      
              has moved!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            INCTR Palliative Care Handbook
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Extra Bees
                      
              Plugin for the Forestry Mod
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hogwarts 2092
                      
              The Harry Potter RP That Doesnt Suck - Part 3!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

