                        







SCP-4271, circa 1908.



Item #:  SCP-4271

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Due to the immobile nature of the anomaly, the exclusion zone surrounding SCP-4271 is to be closely monitored for any changes in temperature and kept away from public eye. Provisional Research Site-08 are to make adjustments to the zone of exclusion due to SCP-4271's growing territory. At this time, research into slowing or stopping SCP-4271's growth is considered top priority.

Description:  SCP-4271 is the designation given to a large mass of tubular, Silicon carbide-based (SiC) sessile organisms that have integrated across a valley within the Guadalupe Mountains of El Paso, Texas. These structures appear to function similar to that of Giant tube worms (Riftia pachyptila); lacking any digestive, reproductive, or excretory systems.

SCP-4271 forms a complex root system which has merged with the crust of the planet. Underground scans of the exclusion zone containing SCP-4271 reveals that these roots have integrated within the mantle, and are estimated to extend all the way down into the inner core of the Earth. SCP-4271 contains vents that expel Carbon Dioxide (CO2) out into the atmosphere with a estimated rate of 95 metric tons each year. SCP-4271 displays an ability to asexually reproduce by way of fragmentation1 as well as propagation by expanding its total area. This expansion has been steadily increasing at a rate of 2.6% each year.

SCP-4271 responds to stimulus, reacting when touched by repulsing from the point of contact as well as moving or swaying when left to idle.

Discovery:  SCP-4271 was originally discovered in February of 1908 by prospectors during the Sutter Mill goldrush. At that time, SCP-4271 was only a conglomerate mass that was attached to a wall near the mountain's crest. Originally presumed to house gold within its cavities, the prospectors attempted to mine for the gold using their pickaxes but spent hours trying with no results and broken tools. The prospectors then tried to use their stacks of dynamite to break open the cliff face. The resulting explosion caused the rock face, which SCP-4271 was rooted on, to collapse into a ravine below.

In 1920, SCP-4271 was rediscovered by ASCI operatives within the ravine and was cordoned off from the public. The exclusion zone surrounding SCP-4271 was established alongside Site-08.

Addendum 4271.1:  Future projections of SCP-4271 estimate that at its current rate of growth, SCP-4271 will spread and encompass the entire Eastern Seaboard in as little as 500 years. Further projections of SCP-4271 also estimate it to expand itself across the North American continent by the year 2███.

Incident:  On September 3, 2021, Foundation seismographs detected an oncoming earthquake emanating from beneath SCP-4271. Drone inspection of the valley revealed that a large crack had begun to form across SCP-4271.

Several hours later, various 2.

For the next four hours, the entity climbed out of the large crevice within SCP-4271 as the fissure started to widen due to the weight of SCP-4271-B before finally giving way and collapsing beneath SCP-4271. The entity ceased all motion as it fell into the large crevice. SCP-4271's total area shrunk as it slowly recovered the mass lost during the entity's arrival to the surface; resetting its growth rate for at least sixty years.

Aerial reconnaissance of the incident revealed that after the creature fell back into the crevice within SCP-4271, six irregularly shaped humanoid entities covered in dark, crystalline structures were seen around the walls of the fissure as it closed up.

Seismic activity has only increased after this incident. Further research and changes to SCP-4271's containment protocol are currently underway.

Footnotes
1. A form of asexual reproduction in which an organism is split into fragments. Each of these fragments develop into matured, fully grown organisms that are identical to their parents.
2. These runes do not appear to match any known set of symbols on Earth. Furthermore, the symbolic nature of these glyphs do not belong to any known set used in runic thaumaturgy.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                stone
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 19:13
            
            Edit
+31)
Tags
Discuss (12)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            final fantasy XIV wiki encyclopédie en français
                      
              FFXIV final fantasy XIV 14 fr wiki FF14 français
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Writing 111 Fall 2010
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Επιμόρφωση Β  στο Ρέθυμνο
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Where are the Joneses Wiki.
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

