                        


Item #:  SCP-1955-J

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  All Foundation facilities must maintain separate video and audio surveillance systems under the guise of aiding memetic containment. Under no circumstances are video surveillance devices which are also capable of recording audio to be installed in any Foundation site.

Foundation operatives are to infiltrate manufacturers and distributors of surveillance equipment and ensure that security networks combining both audio and video recording capabilities remain either prohibitively expensive or subject to debilitating technical flaws.

Description:  SCP-1955-J is an anomalous form of audio distortion known to impact video surveillance recordings in all Foundation facilities. This effect does not occur with systems recording either video or audio independently, even when such systems are recording the same events as SCP-1955-J affected recordings.

SCP-1955-J tends to appear when the following conditions are met:

- At least three mobile entities1 are visible to one or more surveillance devices.

- The entitles interact for more than 30 seconds.

- One or more of the entities could be described as  another entity.

When these conditions are met, any audio recorded by affected devices will be completely replaced by an energetic, high-tempo arrangement of saxophone and other brass instruments typically described by personnel as  Furthermore, any dramatic events within these recordings (e.g., physical collisions, rapid containment barrier extension, graphic evisceration, or [DATA EXPUNGED]) are punctuated with exaggerated sounds produced by obscure instruments such as bicycle horns, slide whistles, or zithers.2 (For example SCP-1955-J recordings, See Addendum 1955-J-1.)

SCP-1955-J distortions are capable of spreading between recording devices and systems, with the audio distortion transferring between recordings as entities exit or enter the views of other devices. New entities entering a SCP-1955-J recording are capable of extending its effect if they either enter a physical altercation with an originating entity or if they begin to pursue or flee such entities.

Given the pervasive presence of surveillance networks and handheld video recording in first-world nations, any SCP-1955-J affected entities escaping a Foundation facility could result in a global BH-class salacious media scenario.

Addendum 1955-J-1: Typical SCP-1955-J Recordings 

Accessarchive

Accessgranted




Format: 

Location: 

Entities Involved: 

Elapsed Time: 

Results: 
附加记录：    



Location:  Site-██ Cafeteria, Site Director █████'s office, 17 separate corridors

Entities Involved:  Site Director █████, Field Agent Willis (carrying a large stack of budget requisition forms), Senior Researcher Wetherby, 24 other personnel

Elapsed Time:  9:37

Results:  Director █████ successfully avoids Willis's attention for the elapsed time before colliding with Wetherby, resulting in a 45-minute one-sided conversation about molluscs.
附加记录：    



Location:  SCP-████ offices, Site-19 Biological Specimen Archives, 2 security checkpoints

Entities Involved:  Lead Researcher Richards, Security Officer Ellis, Junior Researchers Dawes and Rosario (in circumstances in which neither had access to their keycards)

Elapsed Time:  7:15

Results:  Undetected by either Richards or Ellis, Junior Researchers Dawes and Rosario secure Ellis's keycard, retrieve their belongings, and return to their posts.3
附加记录：    



Location:  Site 28 Safe-Object Storage Wing

Entities Involved:  14 security personnel, 5 researchers, and 7 intruders associated with GOI  (including 1 tamed bear)

Elapsed Time:  16:21

Results:  Security personnel apprehend the majority of the intruders with minimal injuries. The whereabouts of the bear are currently unknown.
附加记录：    




Footnotes
1. e.g., personnel, animate SCP objects, or, on one occasion, a perilously overloaded cafeteria services cart.
2. Or, on occasion, simulated flatulence.
3. Junior Researcher Dawes has been recommended for assignment to field operations.


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            11 Aug 2018 03:49
            
            Edit
+61)
Tags
Discuss (25)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Grants Recipes
                      
              Good food for you!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            文明情报处
                      
              我们行走在沙滩之上，遥望那远处的星空
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sukhoi Superjet 100
                      
              Реальность против домыслов
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Computer Games Programming
                      
              CGP Students
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

