                        


Item #:  SCP-????-J

Object Class:  i dunno

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-????-J's box is currently kept in a containment cell 200m x 200m x 200m in size. SCP-????-J's box is comprised of multiple layers of tele-kill shielding, tantalum hafnium carbide, an outer layer of a graphene/carbyne lattice, and decorated with a vantablack floral stencil pattern.



Artist's rendering of the box's intricate surface ornamentation



This container is locked with multiple redundant locking mechanisms that are presumed to decrease the likelihood of unauthorized access. These locks are labelled 50 fuck it idk and they materialize and dematerialize in random intervals. At most times, the box appears as a 1m3 sheen black cube, bearing a single hinged compartment.

Description:  SCP-????-J is the designation for an anomaly of unknown specification, currently locked in this fucking box. It's been in Site-44 for as long as anyone can remember, and, honestly, no one knows where the fuck it came from. It's locked in with a bazillion gizmos, and they all show up randomly on the sides of the box. Anything- keypads, combination locks, time-based Sudoku puzzles, you name it. The thing is locked tighter than Clef's butthole.

Anyway, we are making progress, probably. Every time we solve something, or we think we do, the box makes this tone and we never see that specific bastard lock again. I think it's working. Some of them have timers on their sides, counting down. Sometimes a little instruction is scribbled on the exterior of the box, most often written in black permanent marker. Usually, though, we're in the dark. If it weren't for some clues, we'd be going nowhere. How else would we have known you had to send it a fax? A fax?! What is this, 1870?

A full list of all these goddamn locking mechanisms are found here.


Type: 
Info: 
Notes: 


Standard combination lock
Item requires a five number combination
No solution found


Biometric fingerprint scanner
Requires thumbprint of late pianist Mieczysław Horszowski
Thumb is kept in a maximum security cryogenic freezer in 1


QWERTY Keyboard and LED TV
Standard alphanumeric Login/Password. Minimum length password of fifty characters
No solution found


Connect Four
AI considered to be harder than a 'normal' round
Completed


CAPTCHA
Characters match no known language
QWERTY keyboard unable to replicate symbols


Trigonometry test
Scantron sheets print out of previously unseen slot
Complete


Eating contest
Six saltine crackers dispense from unseen part of the box. All six crackers must be eaten in twenty seconds
Incomplete


Hand crank
Simple wooden hand crank, required no special efforts2
Complete


Switches
A grid of 15 x 15 switches in random states. No apparent order
No solution found


Internal debate
One random humanoid interacting with the box will enter a catatonic state. This lasts anywhere from thirty minutes to an hour. All report having a  experience, wherein they argue with themselves over a transgression from their past. Outcome of argument determines lock state
Complete


Tic-Tac-Toe
Box always goes first, always starts in a corner
No solution found


Tequila-drinking contest
Endlessly refilling shot glass of tequila manifests on top of box
No survivors


Rock, Paper, Scissors
Humanoid hand manifested to participate. Best out of three
Complete


Sending the box a fax message, requesting access into the box
Facsimile machine must be placed on top of box
Fax number found on bottom of box


The Great Conjunction
Only occurs when Saturn and Jupiter share an ecliptic longitude
Scheduled to complete in December 2020


Pocket Dimension
One side of box will dematerialize to reveal an alternate version of Earth made entirely of denim jean pockets. Remote exploration of area has revealed [DATA EXPUNGED] inside some of the pockets
Incomplete


One switch (Protected with a childproof medicine cap)
Cap proved to be easily removable
Complete


Reset Pin
Small (350µm) pin required to activate lock
Complete


Secret handshake developed by the Administrator
Slot in side of box extends several humanoid hands
Humans do not possess enough hands to complete handshake


Deadbolt
Key slot size of human finger, requires insertion and fracture of left pointer finger
Complete


Sudoku
Prints and receives from same slot and must be completed within ten minutes. Considered 
Complete


Standard lock-and-key
SCP-005 proved to be capable of disengaging mechanism
Complete


Rubik's Cube
Box separates into twenty-seven smaller, connected cubes and randomizes. Goal is to rearrange box to original state within ten minutes
Complete


Riddle
A timed locking mechanism that requires one to solve a series of random ambiguous riddles before completion3
Incomplete


[DATA EXPUNGED]
Data expunges
No solution found


Cognitive Test
A multi-choice quiz on pattern recognition as massive quantities of smoke confirmed as containing SCP-420-J exude from small holes in the body SCP-????-J's container
THeorettiaklyb iimposlbe Completed. Yassim, you lightweight


Personal ZK
Individuals attempting to open box will permanently lose the abstract conceptualization of reality
No solution found


Rap battle
Snarky robot voice materializes and challenges individual to a rap battle
No solution found


Defensive procedures
Box will growl and attack anyone in sight. Knocking it  does the trick
Complete


Will
At a random interval, the box will emit cognitohazardous transmissions that cause all involved to lose interest in opening the box. Overpowering this lack of desire completes the mechanism
Complete


Cylindrical hole roughly 3.5cm in diameter
Dr. ████████████ [DATA EXPUNGED] hole
Completed


Staring contest
Large eye manifests on side facing the nearest person. Presumably unlocks when eye contact is broken via demanifestation. Video footage shows an average of 90 minutes until demanifesting
Incomplete


Intravenous lines
Seven IV tubes of different colors extend from box. A button corresponds to each color (ROYGBIV)
All aforementioned colors cause individuals to explode


Smiling at the box for four hours, to be carried out by members of Mobile Task Force Lambda Omega Lambda ()
Smiles must be sincere and performed by at least five individuals
Incomplete


Pencil sharpening
A complete Ticonderoga pencil slides out of a hole in the box. Pencil must be placed back into hole, which changes to operate like a pencil sharpener. Upon complete sharpening, lock disengages. No clear way to lose test aside from a free, quality pencil
Complete


Salmon
Panels on all side faces of box dematerialize to reveal non-euclidean passages. Salmon gush from compartments, creating debilitating tidal waves of fish. Single button on box disengages lock mechanism
Complete


Contract
Contract prints from box stating its official rights to open said lock would be provided cost-free, provided it be processed . This involves getting the signed copy notarized, framed, and placed on the wall of its containment cell
Complete, but annoying


Placing a sandwich on top of the box
Must contain turkey
Completed by accident


Two buttons
One large, red button, bearing a skull and crossbones. A small green button with a happy face
No survivors



SCP-????-J's condition was brought to the attention of Site-44 director Yanni Belushi when O5-1 pointed it out during a leisurely stroll through the facility. The conversation is transcribed below:

SCP-????-J Discovery Transcript Log: 





O5-1:  Oi, what the fuck is that thing?

Belushi:  What, that? It's been around here for god knows how long. It's just a box, I think.

O5-1:  There are no 'just boxes' in the Foundation. That thing probably has an Apollyon in it, lock that shit down.

Belushi:  Yeah, you're probably right. Guard!

Guard:  What's up, Belush?

Belushi:  Don't call me that, that's not my name. Get this box out of here.

Guard:  What, should I throw it in the trash?

Belushi:  No, you fucktard, put it in a containment cell. Who knows what is inside the thing.

Guard:  I dunno, Belush, thing feels empty.

Belushi:  I said don't. Fucking. Call me that. And stop rattling it around, you might piss off whatever is in there.

Guard:  I'm telling you mate, this thing is totally empty.

Belushi:  And I'm telling you, put that box in a bigger box or else I'll shove my foot so far up your box that you'll be having infant-sized Dockers in nine months.

O5-1:  Jesus.

Guard:  Alright! Calm your tits man

SCP-????-J's box was then transported to its current containment area. Guard was reprimanded and probably demoted, jackass.
附加记录：    

Incident Report ????-1-1A: 

During recent testing, several new locking mechanisms have appeared.


Push-up contest
Must perform fifty (50) push-ups within 45 seconds
Complete


Radiation poisoning
Must survive heavy amounts of ionizing radiation, emanating from an unknown source on the box
Incomplete, no survivors


Darts
Three (3) darts dispense from previously unobserved carriage. Opposite side of box displays target, and lock disengages once all three darts are thrown from 10m away and make contact with the target
Complete


Baking
Random recipe for a sponge-based pastry dispenses and must be completed within thirty minutes
Incomplete


Russian Roulette
Six (6) buttons manifest on SCP-????'s container. At least one button causes the interacting individual to terminate. Autopsy revealed internal organ failure due to the sudden manifestation of a Smith and Wesson .38 revolver within the chest cavity
Complete



Any activity involving the creation of new locking mechanisms should be reported to site head immediately and recorded in SCP-????-J Extended Mechanism Log .

Footnotes
1. Who in the fuck put it there? God. Damn. It. - Site Director Belushi
2. Although Dr. Rosenberg reportedly acquired a  from interacting with the handle.
3. Excerpt: 


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            09 May 2019 03:56
            
            Edit
+256)
Tags
Discuss (31)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Arcana Wiki
                      
              Distilling the Real World for Gaming
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Criminal Justice Collaboratory
                      
              Colby Community College
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AviationKnowledge
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SMLT Container
                      
              The SCP Sandbox by Nerds for Nerds.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

