                        





Item #:  SCP-4745

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4745 is contained in a standard storage locker in Site-73 with its top hat removed and contained separately. SCP-4745 is not to be placed in its active state unless during testing, and SCP-4745 may not enter its active state again until at least four days have passed since its last use.

Description:  SCP-4745 is a 1m tall plastic snowman figurine with a top hat. The words  are written on its base.

Whenever the top hat is placed on the figurine, SCP-4745 enters its active phase. While it is in its active phase and placed within a human dwelling, SCP-4745 will alter the abode to make it Halloween-themed, either by generating Halloween-style objects and items or by altering existing decor to fit a Halloween motif1.

After approximately seven days, SCP-4745's alterations will begin to transition from child-friendly horror elements, as is typical for most Halloween themes, to a more disturbing motif. Examples of alterations during this time have included the replacement of edible liquids with human blood, the generation of human corpses and body parts, and reports of frightening sounds and noises2.

After thirteen days in its active state, SCP-4745 will change the theme of its alterations to outright horror, generating malevolent entities and becoming a threat to any humans in the altered dwelling. Testing has revealed the generation of booby traps, animated corpses, various entities from horror media, and duplications of hostile SCP objects. Some notable SCP-4745 alterations include:

Animation of statues and figures into hostile entities.
Transformation of a room into a copy of SCP-002.
Rerouting of doorways into pocket dimensions resembling large graveyards or forests.
Generation of entities similar to SCP-083-D.
Manifestation of an entity resembling  from the Friday the 13th film franchise.


When the top hat is removed or SCP-4745 is removed from the dwelling, its alterations begin to revert at approximately twice the rate at which they initially appeared.

Addendum 4745.1 (Discovery):  SCP-4745 was found in the home of Angela Jupati with Document 4745-A, who had contacted local police regarding SCP-4745's anomalous properties. MTF Phi-13 ()3 was deployed, and were able to successfully amnesticize Ms. Jupati and retrieve SCP-4745.

+4745-A

-4745-A




Thank you for letting Christmas Carl stay with you this holiday season! Just hand him his hat, and he'll turn your humble home into a winter wonderland!

Find all the other members of this limited series and become the Holiday Hero!

1. Valentine Vance

2. Easter Evelyn

3. Independence Isaac

4. Halloween Hannah

5. Thanksgiving Theodore

6. Christmas Carl ✔
附加记录：    




Addendum 4745.2:  On 01/03/2019, Document 4745-B appeared next to SCP-4745.

+4745-B

-4745-B




To the recipient of our Holiday Hero collectible:

I am so sorry to tell you that your Christmas Carl may have a few problems. I am very proud of not only our company's attention to detail, but also our commitment to making kid-friendly toys, and putting a smile on everyone's face! Unfortunately, this means that we will be discontinuing our Holiday Hero series, possibly indefinitely; I don't want anyone to think that we'd ever let this happen again!

You have no need to worry about anything; simply return Carl to our headquarters at 77 Wondertainment Ln.4, and we will completely reimburse you, as well as pay for any damages our product may have caused.

Again, I am incredibly sorry for the egregious oversight of both myself and my company, and I hope I earn back your trust.


- Best regards, Dr. Wondertainment

附加记录：    




Footnotes
1. SCP-4745 itself is immune to its own effect.
2. Such as screams, moaning, and, according to one report, .
3. Mobile Task Force dedicated to containing anomalies specifically designed to cause fear or terror.
4. No such address exists.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                transfiguration
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            22 Sep 2020 18:13
            
            Edit
+44)
Tags
Discuss (17)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fondation SCP
                      
              Sécuriser, Contenir, Protéger
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CCS Related
                      
              Malkavian guide to CCS life
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sandbox SCP L. Alex
                      
              Et northographe !
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Tradicional
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

