                        







5565









Level3







Containment Class:
keter


Secondary Class:
none



Disruption Class:
vlam


Risk Class:
warning



link to memo



















⠀



Figure 1: An instance of SCP-5565 in the wild.



Special Containment Procedures:  All wild populations of SCP-5565 are to be secured and transferred to Site-24. Captive instances of SCP-5565 are to be kept in bins coated with at least 2cm of lead and fed weekly. This lead coating is to be inspected and, if necessary, reapplied once every two weeks.

All direct handling of SCP-5565 instances is to be done using lead-covered gloves. Exposure of SCP-5565 instances to seawater is only to be done for testing purposes and in small numbers.

Description:  SCP-5565 is a species of earthworm of the family Lumbricidae which is endemic to a number of caves in the Levant.

SCP-5565 instances are capable of transmuting solid matter in close proximity to their peristomium1 into soil, which they then eat. The speed of this transmutation is inversely proportional to the material's density. In effect, this makes SCP-5565 capable of burrowing into and consuming any solid object.

Additionally, SCP-5565 instances are capable of anomalously detecting the nearby presence of seawater, which they attempt to avoid. However, unlike other earthworm species, SCP-5565 displays no negative consequences from exposure to overly saline environments, or from underexposure to air. Instances of SCP-5565 which have previously come into contact with seawater behave erratically, often neglecting their own safety or feeding. Research into this phenomenon is ongoing.

Discovery:  SCP-5565 was first discovered on the 12th of November 2018 in a cave near Akko, Israel, during an expedition by amateur cavers. During this expedition, initial observations of SCP-5565's anomalous properties were made. Foundation agents acted based on local rumours, and successfully established initial containment.

Update 13/2/2019:  On the 9/2/2019, a second population of SCP-5565 was found inhabiting a seafront grotto south of Tyre, Lebanon. This population has proven to be more difficult to contain, with instances often burrowing in the rock upon the arrival of Foundation teams. This unusual behaviour has been attributed to the high amounts of seawater exposure this population underwent.

Test Log 5565.18: 


Test Number
Abstract
Result


5565.18
An instance of SCP-5565 that has previously been exposed to seawater is placed within a wooden box, with a wall thickness of 1cm.
The instance eats through the wood's surface in a pattern, digitally rendered in Figure 2.





Figure 2: Text generated by SCP-5565 during test 5565.18.



Translated from Phoenician, the text reads as follows:



I am the judge of sea and river.

Who is it who steals my slaves?
附加记录：    

No further texts were generated by SCP-5565 instances. All attempts at communication received no visible response.

Update 19/2/2019:  During extraction and transportation efforts in the grotto, Foundation teams encountered a large, seemingly artificial cavern. On its floor was an approximately 12-meter-long stone sculpture of a sword, with the tip of the blade pointing towards and being seamlessly encased within the eastern wall.

Upon initial discovery, agents reported an extreme presence of SCP-5565 instances eating through the eastern wall of the cavern. These instances quickly retreated from the chamber, moving in unison towards the waterfront and swimming away. The current status of this population is unknown.

Update 5/5/2019:  In an attempt to potentially locate the now-lost grotto population, an instance of SCP-5565 was fitted with a tracking microchip and released in the area. The instance moved in a straight line towards a location off the coast of Latakia, Syria, where transmission ended.

Foundation ships approaching the location were intercepted by GOC vessels patrolling under the guise of Syrian Navy ships. This encounter resulted in several information-sharing agreements.

These agreements revealed that the GOC believes the area in question to be the focal point of an entity or phenomenon classified as UTE-1594-Ex Machina-Cetus. While the GOC has as of yet not allowed Foundation entry into the area, bathymetric scans of it were conducted by Foundation radars from outside the exclusion zone.

AddendumScans

Hide




Figure 3: Unknown.






Footnotes
1. The first true body segment of an annelid worm, which includes the mouth.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                vermian
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            27 Oct 2020 19:44
            
            Edit
+26)
Tags
Discuss (7)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-PL Sandbox II
                      
              Do pracy rodacy!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Лекциите на ФМИ
                      
              За да изглеждаме умни пред другите
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Right from 
                      
              Animation through Online Collaboration by students
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Software Craftsmanship
                      
              A conference all about building it right
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

