                        


Item #:  SCP-4329

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4329-A is publicly listed as a communal property belonging to the ‘Escerpan’s Church of Saints’ sect.1

Individuals attempting to access SCP-4329-A without permission are to be apprehended, questioned, then released to local law authorities if necessary; standard ‘Escerpanian’ doctrine can be cited to justify questioning.

SCP-4329-A is to be checked daily for unauthorised FM radio receivers tuned to SCP-4329-B’s radio band. Any encountered are to be logged and relocated outside SCP-4329-B’s broadcast range or destroyed if necessary.

Quotes recited by SCP-4329-B are to be recorded and logged, along with a record of the respective item/s. Items manifested by SCP-4329 must be located as soon as possible; on-site personnel must exhibit extreme caution as the items could be hazardous or lethal.

SCP-4329-B is to be constantly monitored for any deviation in behaviour.

In the event inhibition of SCP-4329-B becomes necessary, the 9:00 AM news broadcast of ‘[DATA REDACTED]’ is to be delayed for as long as needed. If necessary, ‘[DATA REDACTED]’ is to be shut down indefinitely to potentially neutralise SCP-4329.

Description:  SCP-4329 is an anomalous radio broadcast (SCP-4329-B) occupying the ███.█ FM band, localised to the property boundaries of [DATA REDACTED], Beerwah, Australia (SCP-4329-A).

External to SCP-4329-A, the ███.█ FM band is used by ‘[DATA REDACTED]’, a local radio station; to date, no connection between SCP-4329 and ‘[DATA REDACTED]’ has been found. While within the property, the transmissions of ‘[DATA REDACTED]’ appear to be totally suppressed by SCP-4329-B.

Attempts to triangulate the source of SCP-4329-B have been unsuccessful; tests conducted indicate that SCP-4329-B originates a significant distance north-west of SCP-4329-A, rendering the source impossible to locate since the transmission cannot be detected outside of SCP-4329-A. Of note is that Mount Coochin, the closest mountain to SCP-4329-A, is located north-west of the property.

Each day at 9:00 AM local time coinciding with the 9:00 AM news broadcast of ‘[DATA REDACTED]’, a male voice will recite a quote via SCP-4329-B. No theme or relation has yet been identified between these phrases; identified sources include book excerpts, (presumed) packaging labels, TV or video game dialogue, internet memes, song lyrics, sentences from confidential documents, jokes and brand slogans.

The remainder of SCP-4329-B’s broadcast time comprises entirely of continuous, faint breathing.

Immediately following the conclusion of an SCP-4329-B vocalisation, a random object will manifest somewhere within the boundaries of SCP-4329-A. No correlation between an object and its corresponding phrase, nor between each of the objects, has yet been identified.

Addendum 1:  Samples of recorded phrases  manifested items.



Phrase:  And God said, ‘Let there be light,’ and there was light. God saw that the light was good, and he separated the light from the darkness.’

Source:  Genesis 1:3-4 of the New International Version of the Bible.

Item:  A custom-made digital device that appears to have been intended to function as a radio broadcaster; the internal components were incorrectly assembled, rendering the device non-functional at recovery. Manifested inside a bedroom.
附加记录：    



Phrase:  If you can steal an idea from someone’s mind, why can’t you plant one there instead?

Source:  Dialogue of ‘Saito’, Inception.

Item:  A standard G36 Glock handgun. Object discharged a single round upon manifestation, injuring an on-site guard; no other ammunition present in the firearm. Residents around SCP-4329-A alerted local authorities, see: Incident 4329-7. Manifested outside the front door of the building.
附加记录：    



Phrase:  Da zdravstvuyet sozdanny voley narodov.

Source:  Third line of ‘Славься, Отечество наше свободное’, the USSR State Anthem. Translation: ‘Long live the creation of the will of the people.’

Item:  Seven Abyssinian guinea pigs. Colouration and behaviour suggest all originate from the same litter. Manifested in the hands of several on-site personnel. All instances are under extended on-site observation, but appear to be mundane.
附加记录：    



Phrase:  Old Montag wanted to fly near the sun and now that he’s burnt his damn wings, he wonders why.

Source:  Dialogue of ‘Captain Beatty’, Fahrenheit 451.

Item:  A Silver Youtube Play Button, lacking plaque and inscription. Design of the award suggests it was manufactured prior to March 20182, with the composition matching post-March 2017 models. Manifested inside a sandwich stored in a fridge.
附加记录：    



Phrase:  And if you see Doctor Breen, tell him I said ‘fuck you!’

Source:  Dialogue of ‘Barney Calhoun’, Half-Life 2.

Item:  A mundane ‘Dystopia the Despondent’ card from the Yu-Gi-Oh card game.3 Manifested inside a toilet bowl, resulting in expected water damage.
附加记录：    



Phrase:  The tools of offence and defence are all found in agricultural instruments.

Source:  Taigong’s Six Secret Teachings, as translated by Anjie Anderson and Mengchen Wang.

Item:  Unknown; item, if any, has yet to be located. A 300-gram trapezohedral mass of neptunium-237. Manifested inside the west wall of the main bedroom. Located after on-site staff began exhibiting symptoms of radiation poisoning.
附加记录：    



Phrase:  For more than forty-eight hours for children and adolescents, aged seven to seventeen, except on medical advice.

Source:  Indeterminate; content suggests generic dosage instructions/warning for a medicine.

Item:  A Lenoxx-brand CD player, containing an unmarked CD. The only file on the CD was a recording of The Year 1812 Solemn Overture by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, which the CD player began playing from the 11:30 mark at maximum volume. Starting time noted to be significant as the iconic cannon fire – which was present in the recording – began 35 seconds later. Manifested in the ceiling space above the bathroom.
附加记录：    



Phrase:  Microhabitat. Noun. A limited area of one kind of habitat, differing from the areas around it.

Source:  Oxford Australian Student’s Colour Dictionary, Third edition.

Item:  A 300-page handwritten essay titled ‘Why the numbers ten through nineteen are stupid’, advocating for the aforementioned numbers to be renamed to match the naming conventions of later numbers4 without citing any external sources. No author is named, but the handwriting style matches that of Elvis Presley. Manifested on a workbench in the garage.
附加记录：    



Phrase:  Worse yet, what remains has become too saline to support any of the native species that once filled its waters.

Source:  National Geographic, Vol. 177, No. 2 (February 1990), Pg. 72.

Item:  A single cinderblock brick. Manifested above the building’s television aerial, damaging it.
附加记录：    



Phrase:  A thing that doesn’t change with time is a memory of younger days.

Source:  Dialogue of ‘Sheik’, The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time or The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3D.5

Item:  A volume of seawater sufficient to completely fill the laundry room, which it manifested within.
附加记录：    



Phrase:  And then the witch doctor, he told me what to do.

Source:  Lyrics from Witch Doctor by Ross Bagdasarian Senior.

Item:  A lightly-worn copy of The Angel’s Command by Brian Jacques, February 2004 paperback reprint. Internal pages of the book are blank, but the appropriate number is present. Manifested on the front porch beside a rainwater pipe.
附加记录：    



Phrase:  Big chungus.

Source:  Internet meme; multiple sources.

Item:  An indeterminate, but large, volume of potassium. Substance manifested within the underground piping of SCP-4329-A, detonating and causing severe damage to the on-site water and sewerage infrastructure. Presence of potassium hydroxide identified the explosion’s source.
附加记录：    



Phrase:  Immediately following the conclusion of an SCP-4329-B vocalisation, a random object will manifest somewhere within the boundaries of SCP-4329-A.

Source:  Containment file of SCP-4329. The phrase suggests SCP-4329-B may have some awareness of its own containment.

Item:  A single Brachychiton rupestris sapling, one metre in height, with common potting soil. Item manifested in the driveway, displacing a portion of concrete.
附加记录：    



Phrase:  No-one ever said it would be so hard. I’m going back to the start.

Source:  Lyrics from The Scientist by Coldplay.

Item:  A copy of the album A Rush of Blood to the Head by Coldplay. To date, this is the only item to hold a known relation to its corresponding phrase;6 as this has not reoccurred, it is currently believed to be a coincidence.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. A pseudo-religious Foundation front claiming to be a small denomination of the Latter Day Saint movement.
2. After which the design was changed to an engraved metal plaque.
3. Invasion: Vengeance Special Edition print/
4. E.g. ten to ‘onety’, eleven to ‘onety-one’, twelve to ‘onety-two’, etc.
5. Note: Identical dialogue occurs in both games.
6. The Scientist is the fourth song in the album.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            21 Jun 2020 18:42
            
            Edit
+39)
Tags
Discuss (21)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Game Dev Techniques
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Interactive Media Design: Theory
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            UTAU Wiki 2.0
                      
              Wiki for the UTAU voice synthesis software.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Iatkos
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

