                        


Item #:  SCP-2155

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Mobile Task Force Eta-10-LatAm ( for traces of SCP-2155.

Should any minor infection vector be located, Class A and B amnestics are authorized to neutralize the outbreak. In the case of a major infection, especially if documents or pamphlets encourage the worship of Mesoamerican deities, along with armed uprising, Protocol 1907  is to be enacted.

Description:  SCP-2155 is a memetic cognitohazard, which makes anyone infected believe in the existence of a , designated SCP-2155-1.

Given that more than 450 years have passed since the fall of Tenochtitlán, the actual existence of SCP-2155-1 is considered highly improbable. Under Revision, see addendum E525 -Dr. █████

Depending on the ethnicity and nationality of those infected, it is estimated that between 35% and 90% of those infected will become sympathetic to the cause espoused by the documents containing SCP-2155. Those that remain neutral or hostile to the cause become asymptomatic carriers1.

Notably, the discussion of SCP-2155-1 by non carriers, does not cause infection.

The rest of the infected subjects, if left untreated, will actively attempt to spread SCP-2155 through word of mouth, pamphlets, impromptu public speeches, and more recently, websites and social media postings. Documents spreading SCP-2155 have been detected in Náhuatl, Spanish, English, Mandarin and █████████.

Most such documents claim that the heirs to the Mexica Empire, along with a sizable portion of the priesthood and warrior castes, went into hiding in 15██ and have waged a guerrilla war against the Spanish Empire first, and then the governments of Mexico, the United States of America, Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras. Two recorded instances claimed that Maximilian of Hapsburg had brokered a marriage alliance with SCP-2155-1 but that he was killed before it could be finalized.

Most documents containing SCP-2155 in the last decade refer to ██████████ III, as the current Huēy Tlahtoāni, or emperor. Others may refer to other supposed leaders of the resistance, so-called tlahtoqueh, meaning  including █████████, ████████████, or █████ █████████.

Information between instances of SCP-2155 infections may be conflicting, but almost all of them denounce the  Documents have advocated actions ranging from passive resistance and hunger strikes, up to terrorist attacks, suicide bombings and [DATA EXPUNGED].

Documents containing SCP-2155 identify as  all kinds of establishment organizations, including the governments of the territories claimed by SCP-2155-1, the Catholic Church, the major drug cartels and, on one recorded case, the Foundation.

Some SCP-2155 containing documents claim that SCP-2155-1 has garnered the recognition and support of  of such nations as Nuwaubia, Yamato Damashi, Bobo Ashanti or the ███████████████. Interviews with members of these separatist groups have yielded no results so far.

If an infection vector is left alone for more than ██ days, the documents and speeches by SCP-2155 carriers will progressively become more complex and no longer be solely political in nature. Such websites and documents will start calling for the return to the worship of Mesoamerican deities, in particular Tezcatlipoca and Huitzilopoctli.

Starting in 19██, an increasing number of SCP-2155 cases have called for the destruction of the ██████ ████ Cathedral and for the establishment of a 2 to these deities. This has increased in the last decades as the main vector of infection has changed to online documents, instead of pamphlets and speeches.

Addendum E525:  According to document SCP-2155-E525, retrieved on October ██, 20██, the leaders of SCP-2155-1 went into hiding in Mictlán3 and called for the resumption of worship at the Temple of the Fifth Sun and the restoration of  to provide suitable sacrifices to restore SCP-2155-1's power.

Excerptrequired.

AccessGranted.




People of the Sun, race of bronze!

Discard your chains and break your bonds!

You are called into greatness, into the five pointed star!

Reject the white man, his god, his greed!

Take the form of the nahual, and join us in the other side!
附加记录：    

[DATA EXPUNGED - POSSIBLE COGNITOHAZARD]



Huitzilopochtli the warrior hummingbird thirsts for your blood!

Tlaloc who nourishes the earth rains his blessings upon you!

Coatlique the snake is both your mother's womb and the grave!

Quetzalcóatl the feathered serpent calls for you to follow him!

Tezcaltipoca the smoking mirror has many things to teach you!
附加记录：    

[DATA EXPUNGED - POSSIBLE COGNITOHAZARD]



Tloque Nahuaque! Lord of the Near and the Nigh! He is in you! He is you!
附加记录：    




Additional funding is requested to further investigate.

Footnotes
1. Asymptomatic carriers may still spread infection by mentioning or writing about SCP-2155-1, even if disparagingly or satirically.
2. In traditional accounts by Nahua historians, the Fifth Sun is the current state of reality.
3. The land of the Dead








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            09 Sep 2020 19:08
            
            Edit
+82)
Tags
Discuss (25)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Aeternus Center
                      
              the ARG
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            2012hoax
                      
              Debunking the 
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiWealth
                      
              Stock, ETF and Mutual Fund Ratings | Commodity, Currency Research
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Contraptor
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

