                        


Item #:  SCP-5110

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All identified SCP-5110 items are to be contained in a secure containment locker. Under no circumstances are any Foundation Personnel beyond Class D personnel to ingest any SCP-5110 products.

Identified shipments of SCP-5110 are to be contained as soon as possible, and instances in retail are to be recalled. Staff involved with obtaining the shipment are to be interviewed before amnesticization.

Description:  SCP-5110 is the collective designation for a collection of packaged food items released under the  brand. These items are typically food and drink items mimicking those of popular brands such as Coca-Cola or Haribo. SCP-5110 are usually found and shipped to small convenience stores. Attempts to find the company or individuals responsible for the creation of SCP-5110 are ongoing.

When ingested, SCP-5110 adverse anomalous effects on the digestive system of the consumer. While the effects of SCP-5110 products typically vary with the specific item, with some being much less harmful, no item has been shown to have no anomalous effects on the consumer. Items of a specific SCP-5110 product designated further as SCP-5110-A through SCP-5110-D

An abridiged description of each SCP-5110 product and its observed effects are available below:


Designation
Name on Packaging
Description


SCP-5110-A
PURE BERRIES
SCP-5110-A appears to be a container of assorted berries with packaging typical of the 'PURE FOODS' brand. After consumption, SCP-5110-A manifests large quantities of rotting berries inside of the digestive system of the consumer.


SCP-5110-B
PURE SODA
SCP-5110-C resembles a soda can used by brands such as Coca-Cola or Pepsi, with packaging typical of the 'PURE FOODS' brand. SCP-5110-C's contents are carbonated mineral water. After consumption, multiple glass 237ml bottles form in the digestive system of the consumer, often shattering from pressure.


SCP-5110-C
PURE WORMS
The packaging contains multiple multi-flavored gummy candies in the shape of worms. Following ingestion, entities resembling Eunice aphroditois appear inside of the subject's digestive system. These entities, when removed, appear colored or dyed to resemble the candies in SCP-5110-D. This causes significant trauma to the digestive system and other parts of the body due to the entities' burrowing instincts.


SCP-5110-D
PURE BEARS
The packaging contains multiple multi-flavored gummy candies in the shape of bears. After being ingested, a juvenile Brown Bear forms in the consumer's digestive system over the course of 1-3 days. The juvenile brown bear, after being removed, appears to have dyed fur similar in appearance to the colored gummy consumed when opened



Addendum 1:  Packaging:

On the back of all SCP-5110 items, there are a series of statements presumably from the company or creators. This has remained constant on the packaging itself and is the only sign or marking from the company, aside from the  brand name.


It is our MISSION, and has ALWAYS been our MISSION to bring you PURE FOODS
Look at the OTHER PRODUCTS you own. Look at the INGREDIENTS; the SUGARS, SYRUPS, and UNNECESSARY things that have been added. So much added for TASTE, so much added to PLACATE you.
Look underneath this. WE do not give you the SUGARS that slowly rot your teeth, the FATS that bloat you, the SYRUPs that leave you wanting more. We give you PURE FOODS.
We take the PURE ESSENCE out of these and put them into the gelatin. no MORE, no LESS
EAT with PRIDE. YOU are getting the FINEST in FOOD. YOU are getting the PUREST.



NUTRITION FACTS



CALORIES 58,000 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Total Fat  40000g

Sodium  16g

Total Carbohydrate  0g

Total Sugars  0

Protein  260000g
附加记录：    

INGREDIENTS: BEAR 
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            26 Dec 2020 18:38
            
            Edit
+28)
Tags
Discuss (21)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCR公司
                      
              安全.收容.研究
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Virtual World Interoperability
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Software Craftsmanship
                      
              A conference all about building it right
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Biblioteka Wędrowca
                      
              Polska Filia
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

