                        


Exploration A 

██/██/1984

Due to the nature of the exploration and requirement for mountaineering prowess, D-Class personnel could not be utilized. A team of three Foundation personnel (identified as 

[Sections of the climb prior to Camp C (altitude 7300 meters) are uneventful and have been omitted for brevity.]

A:  Base, are you reading me?

Base:  Roger, A. Status?

A:  We're going to depart from Camp C shortly and continue up the shoulder. No abnormalities thus far.

Base:  Roger that, A. How's the team?

A:  G's a bit under the weatheror, well, over it, I guess. Just altitude issues. We're going to let him get composed. No problems with me or T.

Base:  Noted. Please report in with any significant developments; we'll maintain silence until then.

A:  Roger, Base. Out.

Eight minutes of silence.

A:  Base, come in.

Base:  We're reading you, A, what's the situation?

A:  G's losing it, Base. He's huddled up, rambling that he wants to go home. We can't rouse him and he's stark white. I don't think he's going to make it.

Base:  Have you noticed any abnormal activity, other than G's episode?

A:  No.

A pauses.

A:  Do you want us to go ahead with Protocol R-0?

Base:  Affirmative, A. Give G's camcorder to T.

A:  Roger.

A brief pause, ninety seconds.

A:  Right, we're ready to continue our ascent. G's still out of it; he's still moving, but he's not talking.

Base:  Roger, A. You are clear to continue.

A:  Requiescat in pace, G. Out.

Twenty-four minutes of silence.

T:  Base, come in!

Base:  T, is that you? Where's A?

T:  I don't know, I lost him in the storm!

Base:  Repeat, T?

T:  STORM. You know, that giant thing around the mountain right now?

Base:  Negative, T.

T:  What? Can you even see the mountain?

Base:  There's cloud cover, but it's not turbulent.

T:  Base, I'd like to report an anomaly.

Base:  The storm?

T:  What do you think?

Base:  Standby while we try to contact A.

T:  Fine.

Base's attempts to contact A are unsuccessful.

Base:  T, we can't reach him. Is the route still climbable?

T:  Not a chance.

Base:  Very well; return to camp.

T:  Roger. Out.

Fifteen minutes of silence.

T:  Base, are you-oh God.

Base:  T, what is it? Come in.

T:  I've found A, he's-fuck, it looks like he's frozen solid. Yeah, no, his skin feels like rock, fuck.

Base:  Ignore A and continue your descent as fast as possible; this mission is officially aborted.

T:  I'm heading back down, Base, I'm heading-wait, what?

Base:  T, What do you see?

T:  There's someone else up here. I-wait, it's goneit was right there. Unknown contact lost, Base.

Base:  T, descent remains your priority.

T is silent.

Base:  T, do you copy?

T remains silent.

Base:  T?

T:  The mountain is coming down.

Base:  T!

No further response from T is heard, however, a rumbling sound possibly consistent with an avalanche is recorded, along with several sounds of unknown origin. After thirty seconds, contact is lost entirely.

One hour later, G was discovered walking into Base Camp. In his possession was the video/audio recording unit originally assigned to him and later given to T. Analysis of the feed shows evidence of the storm attested to by T, despite no evidence of the phenomenon from the monitoring station. The feed appears to cut out prior to the avalanche which presumably killed T, and no recordings exist to clarify how the device returned to G's possession, or how G descended the mountain.

Three appearances by SCP-2585-1 were identified in the recordings, however, it appears that only the last was noticed by the team (specifically, T). These images of SCP-2585-1 are the first known to the Foundation.

G expired of a cerebral edema two hours after his return, and did not speak during that time. No trace of A or T has been found.

                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                supplement
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            26 Sep 2018 15:54
            
            Edit
+74)
Tags
Discuss (3)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCPDeclassified Sandbox
                      
              Secure, Contain, Protect, Declassify
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            สถาบัน SCP
                      
              ควบคุม, กักกัน, ป้องกัน
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Software Craftsmanship
                      
              A conference all about building it right
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            iaac emergent culture glossary
                      
              words, words, words
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

