                        


Item #:  SCP-1956

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Each instance of SCP-1956 is to be contained in an individual standard humanoid containment chamber. Each instance of SCP-1956 is to be fed standard rations daily. Personnel tasked with interviewing SCP-1956 must read sheet SCP-1956-A-Lagomian, which contains SCP-1956's partially translated language. Small items, such as culinary mushrooms and cheese, may be given if good behaviour is maintained.

Description:  SCP-1956 is the collective designation of 53 humanoid beings measuring approximately 0.6kg on average. They vaguely resemble human infants with striped clothes of varying appearance covering their entire bodies except for their faces. Testing has revealed these clothes are actually part of their bodies. Even though they possess a varying number of tentacle-like appendages on their heads, they have the same physiological needs as human beings.

SCP-1956 are capable of telepathic communication and changing their body structure to generate new limbs. They are also capable of swallowing objects that should not fit inside them. The means through which they achieve this are still being researched. These abilities assist them in their characteristic , which involve musical numbers and acrobatic stunts simultaneously. (See Video Log 1956-17)

SCP-1956-1 are gasoline-powered robots used by instances of SCP-1956 to play music. They resemble arthropod-like versions of common musical instruments, as well as unidentifiable versions. They seem to possess a rudimentary intelligence and refuse to be played by anyone other than instances of SCP-1956.
Addendum SCP-1956-1:  Promotional material of SCP-1956's performance.

+SCP-1956-1

-SCP-1956-1




Herman Fuller's Circus Of The Disquieting

— proudly presents —
THE MUSICIAN GNOMES OF LAGOMIA 
Come see wondrous critters with LIVING MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS, DEATH DEFYING STUNTS and SPECTACULAR MUSICAL TALENT

for
TWO DAYS ONLY 
this Friday at the [REDACTED] County Fairgrounds!
附加记录：    




Addendum SCP-1956-2: 

+1956-17

-1956-17


 

00:00 - Instances crawl and jump around the walls, grabbing the bugs with their head tentacles and slowly swallowing them. The bugs thrash around as they do so.

00:38 - Instances chew and regurgitate the bugs, now transformed into musical instruments. They bite the instruments so they don't escape.

00:45 - Instances start playing. Some start to ride their winged instruments and fly around the stage, often in erratic angles and very close to the audience. They finish by colliding with each other. After falling, they break their bones and then move them back into their original positions without showing any signs of pain.

03:30 - Several instances climb on top of each other and combine multiple keyboards into a ring. Three other instances climb into it and start tap dancing to play music as the others spin the ring-shaped keyboard. After several minutes, they spin it so fast the instances inside the ring combine into a single, deformed body. They keep playing for several more minutes, despite signs of extreme discomfort. After the end, the deformed instances lift a guitar above their heads and then swing it down with extreme force, crushing them and part of the ground. They crawl out of the debris, now separated.

06:32 - Instances climb on top of each other to form a pyramid-like shape. At the top are two instances balancing themselves on top of beetle-like instruments. The instances below start spinning and playing as the ones on top try to push each other off into the ground below. The music climaxes as the instances on top jump into the air and hit each other, causing their instruments to break into their components, which fly toward the audience's faces while on fire. Before they can hit, the instances grab them with their head tentacles and then swallow them.

08:30 - Performance ends.

 




Addendum SCP-1956-3:  Interview Log 



Interviewed:  SCP-1956-17, identified as 



Interviewer:  Agent ██████



Foreword:  Due to the incomplete translation of Lagomian, the meanings of some words are estimations.

 

Agent ██████:  SCP-1956-17, can you tell us more about your home?



SCP-1956-17:  Ahhhhfrom Lagom. Big place, bigger than this. Stone clouds woven together.



Agent ██████:  Please elaborate.



SCP-1956-17:  Lagom has . Glad not born back then.



Agent ██████:  Isn't there a ground below?

SCP-1956-17:  What? Ground empty. Funny to look at sometimes. Makes head hurt. Others live there, they say, but I don't believe. Nothing to touch, everyone know! That funny talk, I say.

Agent ██████:  Please tell me more about your species.

SCP-1956-17:  We are young, , and some help us play better music.

Agent ██████:  How did you arrive here?

SCP-1956-17:  Ahhh.

Agent ██████:  What was the bet?

SCP-1956-17:  We had a competition to see best artists. But this time, they did not wanted metal or harrzagumluboks, they wanted me and the others you have here. It was best out of three, like Nargalums said. First, there was best music part. We won, you should saw it. Fular has had very bad music, very funny. Then came the dances, and Fular brought these tall guys made of wood with strings on them, and they won. On the last part, there was cooking, and their food was so very good. I'm I'm sorry, I should not talking like that. I know they not play fair! Only way!

Agent ██████:  Did your leaders agree with letting the circus take you?

SCP-1956-17:  Yes. They did. After all, they won all that cheese, mushrooms and harrzagumluboks we never saw before. Can you believe that? Fular won, and he had still the courage to offer them more, as if we were not enough!

Agent ██████:  Thank you. This is enough for the interview.

SCP-1956-17:  Wait! You tall guys in white are very smart! We heard you talking about the holes and doors those tall guys with the books could make! Do you think you make some for us so we can go back? We miss our families and our home! We will give you anything!

Agent ██████:  I will see what we can do.

 
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                transfiguration
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Feb 2020 22:44
            
            Edit
+134)
Tags
Discuss (41)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            kinDIY
                      
              for the DIY kindie community
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Minecraft
                      
              Spiders. Creepers. Pigs. Minecraft.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Startup Australia
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Microbiology@Morningside
                      
              The wiki for students in BIO 252 at Morningside
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

