                        




Typical thumbnail of a video uploaded by SCP-2391.



Item #:  SCP-2391

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All videos uploaded to SCP-2391 are to be saved to a secure hard-drive, then deleted from their original location. Comments on videos uploaded to SCP-2391 are to be logged before deletion of the video. In the event that a member of the public somehow manages to gain access to a video uploaded by SCP-2391 and spreads information about it, disinformation personnel are to spread the rumour that the video was simply recorded by Mr. McKay before his death, and uploaded automatically according to a schedule.

Description:  SCP-2391 is the YouTube account of popular entertainer Brian McKay, known on the website as 'Bimmy Plays', who was killed in a car crash in early 2013. Since Mr. McKay's death, SCP-2391 has continued to upload unlisted videos once a week featuring Mr. McKay. These videos are all exactly fifteen minutes long, and are all uploaded to the website at precisely 15:34 GMT1. Attempts to trace who exactly is uploading these videos to SCP-2391 have thus far been unsuccessful.

Initially, the videos uploaded to SCP-2391 were not significantly different to those present before Mr. McKay's death, in that they would feature him playing a variety of video games while producing humorous commentary. On occasion, Mr. McKay would express confusion or distress for a few moments, but quickly dismiss it. As time has gone on, however, Mr McKay appears to have become more aware of his situation and will often spend the entire video requesting that the viewer contact the authorities on his behalf or provide other forms of assistance. Thus far, no method of communicating with Mr. McKay has been found.

Although all videos uploaded to SCP-2391 are unlisted, and can therefore only be accessed by those given the URL, they invariably receive thousands of views and comments. Most of these comments appear to be gibberish, but on occasion more legible comments have appeared, often professing an admiration for Mr. McKay and his web content. Attempts to trace the owners of the commenting accounts have also proven unsuccessful.

According to testimony given by Mr. McKay in videos uploaded to SCP-2391, he does not retain memories of the periods between videos. As such, researchers theorized that Mr. McKay is only actually aware for fifteen minutes each week, and that his consciousness no longer exists outside of his videos. All videos uploaded to SCP-2391 take place at night in Mr. McKay's bedroom2, and according to Mr. McKay's testimony he is unable to leave that room.

Addendum 2391-1 - Relevant Video Excerpts: 



Video Excerpt 2391-1, 'Bimmy Plays Runnerman': 

Note:  First instance of Mr. McKay expressing confusion as to his situation.

Mr. McKay: Hey again guys, Bimmy here. Today we're going to be playing, uh, Runnerman - we all know Runnerman, there's the - there's the remake of the original for the NES, and uh

(visibly confused) Ssorry about that, guys? Just, uh - you guys ever get that feeling you should be somewhere else? Everyone gets that - we all know that feeling, am I right?

(laughs) Alright, now that my brain's done exploding, let's play some Runnerman!

Notable Comments: 

'don't worry bimmy!!' - LastRocOnBigTrain2216

'I luve [sic] him so much.' - OutwardMatingMethodsofTheSeahorse

'your brain biggest and fixed, bimmy!!!!!!' - ,!..dop
附加记录：    



Video Excerpt 2391-2, 'Bimmy Plays Runnerman Fangames (Silly Saturday)3: 

Note:  Continued expressions of confusion, first mention of lack of memory.

Mr. McKay: Hey guys, Bimmy here - yeah, I know I just uploaded, but I just really wanted to show you guysno, I did just do it, yeah, I remember, yeah yeah. Sorry guys, my brain is like flipping out right now, seriously.

(checks his watch) What time is it? I should really get to bed, it'sit's late. It is late, right?

(shakes his head) I'll cut that bit out. Just wanted to show you all this, uh, this Runnerman fan-game that one of you guys sent in.

Notable Comments: 

' XD' - D4C24BN

'yeah, we all watched the same video, mate' - LoomsAreCanonAndIAmATreasureChest (in reply to previous comment)

'i would die for you bimmy and so would my dad' - ROAD
附加记录：    



Video Excerpt 2391-3, 'If you're watching this, please call the police': 

Note:  At this point, Mr. McKay appears to have a near-full awareness of his situation.

Mr. McKay: (worried) Um, hello, if you're watching this please call the police. Or - or an ambulance - I think there's something wrong with me, i - i - it's still night-time, it's still dark outside - I'd show you, but I can't move the camera. It just - it just doesn't move.

(Mr. McKay pulls at the camera for a few moments, but cannot move it.)

Mr. McKay: (panicked) See, do you see - do you fucking see?! The door's locked, I can't get out the window - it won't break, I've tried. Oh God. Oh God. I'm really freaking out right now, you guys.

Notable Comments: 

'I'll hug you, bimmy-chan!! ^_^' - BimmyBimmyBimmy1

'Man, Bimmy's content has really gone downhill since he died4. Unsubbed :/' - TheAtheistMaster101

'FUCK YOU!!!!!!!!' - OutwardMatingMethodsofTheSeahorse (in reply to previous comment)
附加记录：    



Video Excerpt 2391-4, 'help': 

Note:  First evidence of an entity besides Mr. McKay in the videos.

Mr. McKay: (afraid) I live on Elizabeth Street, in - in - it says in my description, on the - on the channel, read that. Please, someone, send the police or anyone here right now. There's someone standing outside my door. I can see him through the wall. I don'tI don't want him to come in here. I think I might be in Hell.

(For the remainder of the video, Mr. McKay creates a makeshift barricade against the door using furniture in the room. Ten seconds before the end of the video, the door slams open, sending Mr. McKay and all furniture flying at the camera. Video ends.)

Notable Comments: 

'mfw bimmy gets scared at this when he isnt scared playing horror games' - BigAlan9972

'i love Bimmy, but he should really be more grateful to his fans for what theyre doing for him right now' - Hhhhhhhh3

'bimmy can you give me a shoutout in your next vid you inspired me to make my own channel and i play lots of games and even do giveaways' - TimmyPlays
附加记录：    



Video Excerpt 2391-5, 'Opening Fan-Mail!': 

Note:  Only video shot from a different position in Mr. McKay's room.

(Overhead shot of Mr. McKay on the floor. He is surrounded by unopened envelopes. He opens and silently reads the letters inside for fifteen minutes. Heavy breathing, not originating from Mr. McKay, can be heard for the entirety of the video.)

Notable Comments: 

'did bimmy get my letter?' - SoYouHeardOfCowboys?

'bimmy is my big favourite and my dads too and we watch his vids together :D' - ROAD

'The mayor said yesterday everyone's doing a big Bimmy festival. can you come to our Bimmy festival bimmy its ok if you cant?' - OutwardMatingMethodsofTheSeahorse
附加记录：    



Video Excerpt 2391-6, 'Bimmy Plays Runnerman': 

Note:  Mr. McKay appears to have no memory of his experiences in earlier videos.

Mr. McKay: Hey again guys, Bimmy here. Today we're going to be playing Runnerman, it came out for the NES and now - and now this awesome guy, he's done a remake of it. His name is, uhcan't remember it right now but it'll be in the description.

(confused) Sorry, guys, really trying right now, but tell you what - I'll have an annotation so you cannevermind.

(Mr. McKay plays Runnerman for the remainder of the video.)

Notable Comments: 

'We all love you so much Bimmy' - All Comments
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. The time of Mr. McKay's death.
2. The version of Mr. McKay's bedroom which exists in reality has been investigated and found to have no anomalous properties.
3. Video was uploaded on a Friday.
4. First mention of Mr. McKay's death by a comment.









‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  BIMMYPLAYSRUNNERMAN.png

Author:  Tanhony

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  SCP Wiki
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Aug 2020 02:00
            
            Edit
+160)
Tags
Discuss (27)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            LGAM Knowledge Base
                      
              Local Government Knowledge Sharing
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Trueblood: Dallas
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            OzRadOnc
                      
              A collection of thoughts and notes
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Radiohub
                      
              Lossless Radiohead Hub Wiki
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

