                        


Item #:  SCP-2130

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All instances of SCP-2130 are to be sent to Storage Location 73-E, an automated storage warehouse in the Texas desert. Storage Location 73-E is to be monitored via CCTV. Guard presence should be minimised where possible. Any further testing of SCP-2130 must not be conducted at primary Foundation sites, and requires Level-3 clearance (particularly any tests involving human subjects).

SCP-3311 is to be monitored for any instances of SCP-2130 produced by its effect.

Description:  SCP-2130 is a collection of standard office furniture, each item of which affects brain function in humans near the item. The magnitude of this effect varies based on the subject's underlying personality and the number of SCP-2130 items in proximity, but it is characterised by increased impulsiveness, reduced social inhibitions and inaccurate perception of risk. This is particularly evident in the subject's assessment of the value of human life and health. SCP-2130 instances have been implicated in more than 84 Foundation injuries and fatalities.1

SCP-2130 instances operate by emitting kappa radiation in a form which interferes with the subject's neural oscillation. While other psionic and cognitive anomalies also produce kappa radiation as a benign secondary effect, the method by which SCP-2130 generates such radiation is unknown. The anomalous effect is not permanent, and removal of the affected items will result in the subject's behaviour returning to normal.

To date, the following instances of SCP-2130 have been identified and moved to Storage Location 73-E:

1 x wastepaper basket
27 x standard office chairs
12 x laboratory benches
42 x computer monitors
17 x fire extinguishers


+SCP-2130

-Logs


Test SCP-2130-23 - 03/14/2014 



Subject:  C-1296

Procedure:  Subject (a Foundation research assistant) was introduced to a room containing an instance of SCP-2130 (lab bench) on which was placed a non-anomalous chef's knife. Subject was informed that the knife was a newly identified SCP candidate object which could cut through any material and never become blunt. Subject was asked to devise an experimental procedure to test these anomalous properties.

Results:  The subject proposed immediate testing of the knife on human flesh and bone. Observation team approved the testing protocol, which was carried out on D-8477, and then repeated on D-8488, D-8489 and D-8490 for verification of results. Observation team noted that the subject appeared to show no concern over the slaughter of Class D personnel purely for the purposes of a simple experiment.

Analysis:  On supervisor review, it was determined that the properties of SCP-2130 had affected the observation team as well as the subject. Changes to experimental procedure proposed.
附加记录：    

Test SCP-2130-25 - 03/24/2014 



Subjects:  Randomly selected Site-73 research assistants

Procedure:  As per Test SCP-2130-23, but testing room relocated to Storage Location 73-E, with observation team monitoring remotely from a location confirmed to be free from SCP-2130.

Results:  Compared to a control group, the experimental group were significantly more likely to propose testing of the knife on live humans before testing on inorganic material, plants or animals. In addition, the experimental group were more likely to propose immediate testing to see if the knife could, amongst other things, cut through:

multiple Class D subjects simultaneously
the doors of containment cells currently in use
anomalous items or entities, particularly those of Keter-class
Uranium atoms



Analysis:  The observation team immediately notified the Site Director of the potential contamination of experimental protocols by SCP-2130. On return to Site-73, the observation team amended its report to request that SCP-2130 instances be stored in or near Keter-class containment units, to reduce the reluctance of D Class personnel to work with dangerous items. Request denied by the Site Director.
附加记录：    




+Clearance

-confirmed




From:  Director, Site-73

To:  All Site Directors; O5 Council

Date:  07/18/2014

You may know of our discovery of SCP-2130. What has not been disclosed to staff is that every instance of SCP-2130 identified to date has been recovered from within Site-73 itself. That first waste-paper basket was inside my office. The affected furniture has been traced to a range of security-cleared suppliers, and investigations into the original manufacturer are ongoing. The result is that SCP-2130 instances are probably unnoticed in many Foundation sites.

We have reconditioned scanners that help detect them, but background K-radiation at Foundation sites means we need physical contact with an object to get a clear reading. We are now scanning all new deliveries to Site-73, as well as checking individual items across the site. This is consuming a high level of resources, but I have classed this as a Priority 2B exercise, and I strongly urge you to authorise similar measures across the Foundation. The reasons should be obvious:

SCP-2130 undermines the Foundation's purpose by fostering a cavalier attitude to containment. If safety ceases to be our utmost priority, we fail in our task.
Subjects tested with SCP-2130 also demonstrate reckless disregard for Class D personnel. I know we sometimes need to put them in harm's way for the greater good, but these are human lives in our hands. Even if you don't agree with me on humanitarian grounds, you have to bow to the economics - fewer Class D casualties would reduce Foundation costs and improve productivity.
Conducting research in the presence of SCP-2130 instances leads to a range of dangerous behaviours, including unnecessary cross-testing and experiments that appear to any rational mind to maximise the chance of death and injury to Foundation staff and civilians.


It's clear that Foundation security has been dramatically compromised by an organisation with great expertise on anomalies, huge resources, and a purpose inimical to ours. Removing SCP-2130 instances from all Foundation facilities should be high on our collective agenda.

Request: Detection of SCP-2130 to be made Priority 2B at all Sites.

SD-73
附加记录：    



From:  O5 Council

Date:  07/18/2014

Request denied. SCP-2130 does not justify Priority 2B. Individual sites may conduct scanning as resources allow. Current Class D turnover rates considered acceptable. We don't see anything unnecessarily risky in the Foundation's current approach.
附加记录：    




Footnotes
1. This does not count Class D casualties, as it has been deemed too time-consuming to determine the influence of SCP-2130 on such a large sample.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            29 Jan 2019 23:52
            
            Edit
+97)
Tags
Discuss (39)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SMD超现实管制处
                      
              异常 中转 管理
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            VyprMedia
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            My Pride
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Batheo
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

