                        




SCP-2799-3.



Item #:  SCP-2799

Object Class:  Thaumiel

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2799-1, SCP-2799-2, SCP-2799-3, and SCP-2799-4 are contained in separate anomalous item storage lockers at four separate Foundation facilities: Site-77, Site-59, Site-██, and Site-██. No personnel under Level 3 clearance may be made aware of the precise location of more than one item. No personnel under Level 4 clearance may be made aware of the location of more than two. Access to the complete record of SCP-2799's location is restricted to Level 5 personnel.

+PROCEDURES]

-PROCEDURES]


While in operation, SCP-2799's surveillance feed must be observed continuously by at least two researchers, with one D-class personnel held in confinement within 2m of the device, rotated monthly.

In the event of any rapid movement from any SCP-2799 components, designated Level 4/2799 m of one another to acquire a new target. Either the project Skipper or Navigators shall interview the D-Class subject assigned to SCP-2799 for record-keeping purposes.

As soon as the location is identified, a team consisting of no less than two Foundation field agents are to be dispatched to the designated area to investigate  Additional information may be divulged at the discretion of SCP-2799's HMCL supervisor. Standard retrieval procedures for anomalous item investigation and retrieval remain in effect for any new anomalous object discovered through the use of SCP-2799.




Description:  SCP-2799 is a set of antique Portuguese nautical navigational equipment, including a brass sextant (SCP-2799-1), compass (SCP-2799-2), pocket watch (SCP-2799-3), and spyglass (SCP-2799-4). All components of SCP-2799 were purchased from civilian companies by the Foundation, and displayed no anomalous properties when acquired. The items were first imbued with anomalous properties at the behest of Foundation Thaumaturgists in ██49, for use in the recovery of theretofore unknown anomalous objects for containment and study (). During its tenure as a reconnaissance device, SCP-2799 was employed to recover 126 such items, and has activated a recorded 173 times.

When activated, SCP-2799 will divulge the location of one uncontained anomalous object, person, or event until the anomaly has either been neutralized or successfully contained. SCP-2799-1 will always  Polaris at the given location. SCP-2799-2 will give a directional heading from the current location to the location of the anomaly. SCP-2799-3 displays the local time at the anomaly's location. SCP-2799-4 will give a narrow-angle view of the anomaly and its location as a point of reference. Using this information in conjunction with Mercator projection maps has a 100% success rate in determining the location of anomalous phenomena.

In addition, one subject closest to SCP-2799 will experience a hallucination relevant to the object currently targeted by SCP-2799. These hallucinations commonly give some information about the target object's properties, location, or origins, and will persist until the object is contained. If the subject dies or is otherwise terminated, no other personnel will be affected. Testing has shown that the hallucinations have provided relevant data in 55% of SCP-2799 activation events.

+REQUIRED]

-Bumper]


Foreword:  At 3:45 am on ██/██/████, SCP-2799 unexpectedly activated and targeted the researcher dormitories of Site-19. Communication with the facility confirmed that no anomalous activity outside of SCP storage was detected at that time. The following interview was completed with D-0991 at 4:30 am by Security Officer Bertrand Tomlin, Researcher Robert J. Boyd observing.



Tomlin:  It's my understanding that you're currently experiencing intense hallucinations.

D-0991:  No one asked me No one ever asks, but they do it anyway, you know?

Tomlin:   I think I understand. Can you describe the experience for me?

D-0991:  Not one experience. Three experiences. All of them [distressed vocalization]

Tomlin:  It's okay, take your time Deep breaths.

D-0991:  NO ONE ASKED THEM. They just took it. They take it every time. Even when the roots run deep… deep deep deep into the bedrock, so deep that they crack it and it reforms around them. One of… one does all the living. And they have done. They do all the bleeding and all the living… and now. Now one more. And he does the dying.

Tomlin:  Who does? Who are they?

D-0991:  Not who. 'It'. Maintain your professionalism. They MMMM! They're un-people! How do you un-person a person? Even in death? Even in no death? Especially in no death!

Tomlin:  What do you mean 'in no-death'?

D-0991:  They wait and wait and wait and nothing happens. Things get worse and nothing happens. Bring her back, but nothing happens, even from the top of the pyramid you can't pull out the roots. Let him go, do what they want, use him like a tool for years and nothing happens until he doesn't even have a name. Trade faces and places and sexes and races but never change your mind. Nothing happens. Nothing ever happens.

Tomlin:  I don't think we're getting anything useful out of this. Bob, can you turn this thing-?

D-0991:  The star that burns three times as bright burns forever and ever and ever and ever and you're not asking the right questions.

Tomlin:  What's the right question?

D-0991:  Who's chicken, and what's for breakfast?

END OF LOG 
附加记录：    

Following this interview, Interview Log 963 for more detail. Subsequent interrogation of the acting Navigator confirms that SCP-2799-4 depicted the face of Dr. Bright.



O5 Note:  With the above incident in mind, and other, better techniques currently available to us, it is the determination of the Overwatch Council that Project Navigator be canceled immediately. Implementation of Special Containment Procedures for all equipment associated with the project, as outlined in the attached document, is expected by the end of this calendar week.

In a related decision, Dr. Jack Bright will retain his status as a Foundation employee, and all privileges associated therewith. No Special Containment Procedures will be enacted for his person. SCP-963 designates the object containing his consciousness only, and not the consciousness itself.

- O5-12
附加记录：    




Addendum 2799-01:  Due to the improved monitoring technologies and greater staffing resources now available, the use of mundane means to detect anomalous objects no longer requires supplementation from Project Navigator. SCP-2799 and all sub-designations has been retired, and are no longer in use by the Foundation. There are currently no plans to revitalize the project.








‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  X-3-new.jpg

Name:  Pocket Watch.jpg

Author:  Horst Günther Burkhardt III

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  Wikimedia
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                thaumiel
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            01 Sep 2020 04:36
            
            Edit
+89)
Tags
Discuss (34)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Wanderers Library Sandbox
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wayward Society Sandbox
                      
              Even secret societies need to draft.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            pre dev wiki
                      
              Lets open this beast up
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Early Childhood Program Administration
                      
              Resources, Training, Best Practices, Sharing
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

