                        


Item #:  SCP-800-J

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  As new variants of SCP-800-J are discovered, they are to be isolated and all players issued Class-F amnestics. Following this treatment, they are to be trained on how to properly play football.

Description:  SCP-800-J designates a troubling number of Football sporting leagues in which all players, officials, spectators, and linesmen are unable to discern the proper methods of playing the game. In some respects, the game eventually played has almost no resemblance to football.

SCP-800-J was discovered on 09/18/2011, by Senior Researcher Collins, after erroneously flipping to the other channels included in his 'Big All-American Sporting Network' and finding that the package contained odd variants of football. After receiving inadequate explanation from his cable provider, Collins declared it to be an anomaly and called SCP-2008-J have been documented in SCP-800-J broadcasts.

Researcher's note: I have observed that almost none of these variants are played with regulation equipment, and scandalously, even fewer are played on Sunday.

Addendum:  Variants observed:


Observation Date: 

Observation Notes: 



Observation Date:  09/18/2011

Observation Notes:  First observed instance. Takes place in a rotund playing field, with players wearing shockingly little protection. Ball appears to be much smaller, and white, possibly composed of sheepskin or albino pigs. Touchdowns achieved by circling bases. Claims to be America's 'national pastime' have been conclusively proven to be possibly untrue.



Observation Date:  10/22/2011

Observation Notes:  This variant appeared to be played on ice, and at no point did the players actually have possession of the ball. Ball itself had been burned into a hard circle, possibly made of charred bacon, which was theorized to be held together by the low temperatures. Yardage was gained and lost very quickly, with no regard to downs. Goal celebrations were dis-pleasurably noted to be very over the top.



Observation Date:  11/16/2011

Observation Notes:  Played between two players, both wearing extensive padding, and wielding swords. Dueled until one player scored an apparent touchdown by tackling the other player with their sword. Noted to be  by Researcher Collins.



Observation Date:  03/23/2012

Observation Notes:  No balls are present. Players appear to throw themselves over the field goal posts, with a broken portion of another field goal post. Possibly developed in a post-apocalyptic reality where all footballs have been destroyed, so players must use themselves.



Observation Date:  4/15/2012

Observation Notes:  Game was played exclusively with feet. No resemblance to football whatsoever. Recommending demotion of all players to D-Class, due to the dubious nature of them ever being trained to play a real sport.



Observation Date:  10/3/2012

Observation Notes:  Variant takes place between two players, who stand on opposite podiums in an enclosed stadium. Linesmen dictate questions to the players, who gain yardage by answering them in a forum-fashion. Touchdowns appear to be obtained abstractly through applause.



Observation date:  10/12/2012

Observation notes:  The football is repeatedly passed back and forth between two quarterbacks, while the rest of the team apparently ditched them to go get smoothies or something. Ball appears to be a lime, with both quarterbacks so disgusted by it that they only touch it with some kind of slicing racket. Very limited football attire.



Observation date:  11/22/2012

Observation notes:  This anomalous edition of football appears to be played with one player. Who is a horse. All play appeared to consist of post-touchdown dancing. During play, it does not appear to matter how many yards the horse moves down, and during extensive review of play no downs have been detected. Touchdown ratios have reached a new low.


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sport
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            02 Mar 2017 21:31
            
            Edit
+98)
Tags
Discuss (43)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Sygnus Figment Registry
                      
              Where Writers Share Their Characters  Worlds
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikiwood
                      
              Wychwood Warriors Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Open CASCADE Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hogwarts 2092
                      
              The Harry Potter RP That Doesnt Suck - Part 3!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

