                        



Item #:  SCP-2142

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Individual instances of SCP-2142 require no special containment procedures, and are to be stored in a Bulk Storage Unit at Site-33. Testing of SCP-2142 may only occur in soundproof testing chambers of Class 3 or higher.

Although individual instances of SCP-2142 can be stored with minimal upkeep, SCP-2142's methods of propagation or generation are not currently understood. MTF Delta-7 () is assigned the task of identifying, intercepting, and cataloging individual instances of SCP-2142. MTF Delta-7 is authorized to employ Class-B amnestics and administer Corrective Procedure 271 in civilian populations as they deem necessary. Research into SCP-2142 and its effects should focus on identifying songs, albums and artists likely to be an infection vector for SCP-2142.

Foundation personnel exposed to SCP-2142 and determined to be under its effects can opt to undergo Corrective Procedure 27 and be re-assigned to another project. Personnel who will not consent to Corrective Procedure 27 are instead to report to Site-33's resident psychiatrist for a mandatory monthly evaluation and lessons in lucid dreaming techniques.

Description:  SCP-2142 designates any compact disc (78% of known instances), vinyl recording (18%), or cassette tape (4%) which induces the 2, an anomalous psychological disorder, in the listener. 1,8██ instances of SCP-2142 are currently in containment, with an unknown quantity of additional instances existing outside of containment.

Listeners exposed to SCP-2142 will suffer from an anomalous sleep disorder dubbed the  subjects tend to dread sleeping for any length of time.

Of the Lavinia Complex sufferers the Foundation has been able to interview, subjects report that they dream every night, regardless of the length of their sleep. Even subjects who sleep for less than 90 minutes4 wake up to report nightmares involving self-cannibalization of the subject's hands. The dreams fit two major narratives:

Type A:  Type A dreams are vivid, gruesome and detailed, consisting solely of the subject's consumption of their own hands. Other details of the dream, such as where the dream occurred and whether or not the dreamer was alone, fade from memory when the subject awakes. Typical individuals suffering from the Lavinia Complex report that 90% or more of their dreams are Type A.

Type B:  Type B dreams have wildly divergent narratives, but always end with the dreamer consuming or about to consume their hands, then shortly thereafter waking. For example, one subject described exploring a tropical island and meeting friendly natives that invited him to a feast. The feast's main course was revealed to be several charred human hands, skewered through the palms on wooden stakes. The subject then noticed that his own hands had been severed at the wrist before he awoke. Some Lavinia Complex sufferers never experience a Type B dream, but most experience a Type B dream at least once in their lifetime. Subjects that profess to be lucid dreamers report much higher rates of Type B dreams, with over 60% of their dreams following the Type B narrative.

SCP-2142 has only been discovered to affect album recordings by a limited number of artists. Additionally, only certain tracks appear to trigger5 the Lavinia Complex in listeners, while other tracks may only induce the anomalous disorder after repeated exposure. Below is a list of all songs and albums known to potentially be instances of SCP-2142.
Current Known Potential SCP-2142 Vessels: 



Album
Artists
Date of Discovery
Details


The Lonesome Crowded West 
Modest Mouse 
1999
In affected albums, Track 13  appears to be an ideal host for SCP-2142, triggering the Lavinia Complex in 100% of listeners.


Sad, Sappy Sucker 
Modest Mouse 
2001
In affected albums, Track 2  induce the Lavinia Complex in approximately 23% of listeners. After this was discovered, █████ █████ was designated PoI (Person of Interest) 2142-01.


Bridge Over Troubled Water 
Simon  Garfunkel 
2002
Track 3  appears to be an ideal SCP-2142 host, again triggering the Lavinia Complex in 100% of listeners. Upon discovery, █████ █████'s designation as PoI 2142-01 was rescinded.


I Want to Hold Your Hand 
The Beatles 
2002
The eponymous track appears to be an ideal host in the original 1963 recording, infecting 100% of subjects listening to affected albums. The song itself has proven to be a potential host for SCP-2142 even in later re-printings or when featured on compilation albums, resulting in infection rates of approximately 34% in those instances.


All albums and songs 
████ ████ █████ ███ ████ 
2005
The studio recordings of indie rock band ████ ████ █████ ███ ████ appear to be a highly fecund source of SCP-2142 instances. The band's entire discography serves as a potential host for instances of SCP-2142, with 32% of listeners developing the Lavinia Complex after exposure to affected albums. Track 1  currently pending O5-█'s approval.


The Fruit That Ate Itself 
Modest Mouse 
2010
Track 4  is a very weak host for SCP-2142, with affected albums inducing Lavinia Complex in only 11% of listeners. █████ █████'s re-designation as PoI 2142-01 is currently pending O5-█'s approval.


Songs for Children Volume █ 
Various unaccredited artists 
2011
Track 3  was discovered to be a highly effective SCP-2142 host, infecting 100% of listeners exposed to affected albums.



Footnotes
1. Corrective Procedure 27 is a Foundation-developed medical process that involves inserting a sterilized needle into the patient's ear canal. The surgeon's goal is for the needle to penetrate a depth sufficient for puncturing the patient's eardrum, rendering the patient permanently deaf. Corrective Procedure 27 has so far proven to be the only effective cure for SCP-2142's effects.
2. Named for the article that first described the condition. █████████, Nadeem.  American Journal of Psychiatry 05 Mar. 1999
3. Though Dr. Nadeem █████████ discovered the Lavinia Complex and brought it to Foundation attention by publishing his article in the American Journal of Psychiatry, he did not discover the connection between SCP-2142 and the disorder. This connection was later made by the Foundation's in-house research team. Dr. Nadeem █████████ was offered a position as a Junior Researcher for SCP-2142, but opted for a dose of Class B amnestics instead.
4. 90 minutes is not long enough for a non-anomalous, neuro-typical human brain to enter REM sleep.
5. Onset of the Lavinia Complex is easy to diagnose, as the disorder initially presents with an intense headache lasting several hours. Subjects described this initial onset of symptoms as being similar to being 








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sleep
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            07 Feb 2018 04:36
            
            Edit
+34)
Tags
Discuss (31)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SMD超现实管制处
                      
              异常 中转 管理
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            VyprMedia
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            My Pride
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Batheo
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

