                        


Item #:  SCP-031-J

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  On October ██ agents are to be given an assorted amount of candy and placed strategically in each city. When approached agents are to distribute the candy so as to avoid hostilities. Agents are urged to not distribute items pertaining to dental hygiene.

Description:  SCP-031-J is an event that occurs annually. Analyses of trends have pinpointed the event to fall on October ██, however minor fluctuations are suspected. The trend of appearance of the event mainly occurs in North America and Western Europe, however rogue instances of SCP-031-J may manifest in various cities worldwide.

At the time of an SCP-031-J event, several instances of SCP-031-J-1 will manifest on various city streets. Appearances of instances of SCP-031-J-1 vary wildly, however they have been described as mainly grotesque. Documented instances have resembled historical figures, pop culture icons and occasionally instances of SCP-2008-J. Typically instances will be much shorter than an average adult, with an average height of ~1.4 meters.

Instances of SCP-031-J-1 will approach households in an ordered fashion and exclaim . The exact meaning of this phrase is unknown, however researchers have suggested that this may indicate that the instances will damage the household or owners unless they are given some form of appeasement. This is verified by the giving of candy to instances of SCP-031-J-1, which appears to appease them until the next household.

Shorter instances of SCP-031-J-1 show a tendency to place various adult humans in a trance state. Subjects act with a spirit of benevolence towards instances, and will fiercely defend instances in case of attack.1

SCP-031-J also has several other effects:

Adolescents, especially males, show a marked tendency to vandalize households through creative uses of toilet paper
Pumpkins displaying faces of varying delight and malevolence appear on the doorsteps of households
The transformation of various households into what researchers have described as  Normal households may gain cobwebs, graves, whisk brooms, and animate humanoid corpses2 along their exterior.
Larger instances of SCP-031-J-1 showing signs of inebriation


Addendum 031-J-1:  Interview Log 031-J-1:



Interviewer:  Dr. ███████

Interviewed:  Instance of SCP-031-J-1

Background:  This instance of SCP-031-J-1 was quickly intercepted by Dr. ██████ during an SCP-031-J event. The instance was quickly interviewed before hostilities emerged.

 

Dr. ███████:  Hello?

SCP-031-J-1:  Helloooooo!

Dr. ███████:  What what are you?

SCP-031-J-1:  I'm a ghoooooost!

Dr. ███████:  You're a departed spirit?

SCP-031-J-1:  No, I'm a ghooooost! Ooga booga booga!

Dr. ███████:  (Aside to researchers) Note possible hostility. (To SCP-031-J-1) I mean, are you dead?

SCP-031-J-1:  D-dead?

Dr. ███████:  Yes, were you formerly a dead person?

SCP-031-J-1:  No (Begins emitting high-pitched wailing noise)

Dr. ███████:  Shit! It's hostile, run!

 

Smaller instances appear to be more aggressive - Dr. ███████
附加记录：    

Interview Log 031-J-2:



Interviewer:  Dr. ███████

Interviewed:  Larger instance SCP-031-J-1

Background:  This instance was approached following its liberal use of toilet paper on a vehicle.

 

Dr. ███████:  Why have you decorated that vehicle in such an odd way?

SCP-031-J-1:  Who the fuck are you?

Dr. ███████:  Does it appease your god?

SCP-031-J-1:  What? No. You aren't going to call the cops are you?

Dr. ███████:  (Consulting with research team) No, we will not. Now, what are you?

SCP-031-J-1:  I'm Hugh Hefner, what does it look like?

Dr. ███████:  My research team has just checked. Hugh Hefner is currently in his mansion in [REDACTED]

SCP-031-J-1:  Are you retarded or something? Look, I've got the pipe and the robe.

Dr. ███████:  My god!

 

Possible case of bilocation. Further research is required. - Dr. ███████
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. This has made retrieval of instances of SCP-031-J-1 difficult.
2. Corpses do not appear capable of full locomotion


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            28 Apr 2020 21:13
            
            Edit
+254)
Tags
Discuss (41)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Pandora Saga Online Wiki
                      
              NYANICORN!!!!!!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Extra Bees
                      
              Plugin for the Forestry Mod
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Lightworks Unofficial Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ಕನ್ನಡನುಡಿ
                      
              ಕನ್ನಡ ಸಾಹಿತ್ಯಾಸಕ್ತರ ಕೂಟ
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

