                        


Item #:  SCP-2446

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Police, news, and civilian reports in the San Jose metropolitan area are to be monitored for SCP-2446. Reports are to be officially scrubbed from record, and persons involved in the discovery or documentation of SCP-2446 are to be administered class-B amnestics. All SCP-2446-1 retrieved are to be transported to Site-76 for containment and analysis.

Should any SCP-2446-1 manifest partially or entirely inside of a permanent structure, retrieval personnel are to be dispatched to remove the instance and repair affected structures. SCP-2446-1 are to be removed as quickly as possible to minimize chances of civilian discovery.

Members of Mobile Task Force Lambda-5 (“White Rabbits”) are to kept unaware of the nature of SCP-2446-1 instances.

Description:  SCP-2446 designates the occasional spontaneous manifestation of humanoid corpses (SCP-2446-1) in a roughly 12 kilometer area of San Jose, California. At least two instances have been directly observed manifesting, and have not demonstrated any limitations of time or location. Certain instances have been found partially or entirely inside of other matter. ██ SCP-2446-1 have been retrieved by Foundation personnel; however, it is unknown how many may be unaccounted for underground or inside permanent infrastructure.

All SCP-2446-1 share physical and genetic profiles with members of Foundation personnel, typically agents involved with Mobile Task Force Lambda-5 (“White Rabbits”). Multiple such duplicates have appeared for single agents; however, differences (namely in weight, build, tattoo patterns, etc.) have been noticed between instances and related persons (See Addendum for details). Most intact SCP-2446-1 manifest in an early state of putrefaction.

SCP-2446-1 tend to appear in dress similar to Foundation-issue Mobile Task Force combat gear. Style and composition of such dress (as well as worn equipment) vary frequently in both style and construction. No instance has manifested in clothing identical to those currently in issue. SCP-2446-1 which do not manifest in MTF gear manifest without any clothes. Although physical factors like weight vary between duplicates, genetic makeup never differs significantly.
Addendum: Recovered SCP-2446-1 



Item #
Circumstance of Recovery
Description


hello how you
Alley near Quimby Rd.; partially manifested around refuse.
Caucasian male, 1.9m tall, 78kg weight. Dressed in Foundation issue combat clothes, with the exception of any armor or equipment. Appeared to have suffered severe compression. Possessed numerous extreme bone fractures, collapsed organs, and lacerations, abrasions, and contusions on skin. Wore tags labeled “Λ-5: Alex Henderson”. Genetic and physical profile match Foundation agent Alex A. Henderson, currently assigned to MTF Lambda-5.


SCP-2446-B1
Alum Rock Park, beneath stone bridge; manifested into dirt, rocks, and plant debris.
Caucasian male, 1.9m tall, 717.62x39mm gunshot wounds on head, torso, and arms. Left side appeared to have suffered minor burn and shrapnel damage. Text “A10441 Wilder” tattooed on left shoulder blade. Genetic and physical profile match Foundation agent Jacob H. Wilder, currently assigned to MTF Lambda-5.


SCP-2446-E1
Empty classroom, San Jose State University, Building 7.
Hispanic Male, 2m tall, 71 numerous internal organ ruptures resulted. Genetic and physical profile match Foundation Agent Patrick Carter, currently assigned to MTF Lambda-5.


SCP-2446-B2
Lake Cunningham Park; manifested into lake Cunningham. All solid parts were liquified.
Body and all equipment liquified, likely resultant of its in-water manifestation. Retrieved DNA found to match SCP-2446-B1 and Foundation agent Jacob H. Wilder. Large quantities of metal and SCP-148 were found in water following manifestation.


SCP-2446-D3
Coyote Creek at Roosevelt Park. Lower legs, right forearm, and front face liquified, front upper-torso manifested into rocks and topsoil.
Hispanic female, 1.8m tall, 63kg weight. Dressed in Foundation-issue full combat armor, fully-lined with SCP-148, partially damaged. Two 9mm gunshot wounds on head. Genetic and physical profile identical to SCP-2446-D1, -D2, and Foundation agent Melissa King.


SCP-2446-B4
Guadalupe River Park. Retrieved alive. [REDACTED]
[DATA EXPUNGED] Genetic and physical profile match SCP-2446-B1, -B2, and Foundation agent Jacob H. Wilder.



Addendum: Research Report 2446.21 

Due in part to recent developments in reality-measuring technology, research and retrieval teams have initiated investigations into potential origins of SCP-2446. Although correlation between recorded Hume deficiencies and SCP-2446 have not been confirmed, certain readings fall outside of acceptable parameters for operation. Based on humological maps of the area, spatial disturbances most likely originate from an apartment complex located at 2525 N Waterworks St. Direct investigation is forthcoming.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            28 Dec 2017 05:22
            
            Edit
+70)
Tags
Discuss (13)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Alfamedia
                      
              Alfabetización mediática para educadores
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCPDeclassified Sandbox
                      
              Secure, Contain, Protect, Declassify
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hex House
                      
              A truly magical place...sort of.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Eitrigg Crafters
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

