                        



Item #:  SCP-1596

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1596 is to be kept in storage at Site ██, Section R-█, Security Box 107. Room temperature should remain between 10° and 20° Celsius and 45%-55% Humidity. All testing involving SCP-1596 must be administered in the presence of at least one (1) Level-4 Staff Member All testing involving SCP-1596 is suspended indefinitely pending further investigation. -O5

Description:  SCP-1596 appears as a nondescript matchbox containing ██ individual matches, all standard in size and appearance. All attempts to track down the origins or manufacturer of SCP-1596 have yet to yield results, though further investigation by researchers is encouraged.

When a match from SCP-1596 is struck alongside the box, it will remain aflame for approx. 26-34 seconds, at which point the flame will slowly smolder out. Despite being lit, matches from SCP-1596 will exhibit no signs of damage after their flames extinguish, and in fact can be used multiple times without appearing to take on any sort of damage. Attempts to light the matches on any object other than SCP-1596 have proven futile, and trying to spread the flame from the match to any other object likewise seems impossible.

When a match from SCP-1596 is lit, the ) has been observed to catch fire at precisely the same time, steadily growing stronger as the match burns before eventually consuming the entire structure. Attempts to subdue or extinguish this fire have proven unsuccessful, though it has been observed that the flames will remain within the structure and not spread to the surrounding environment. The fire will continue to burn until the entire structure and all its contents, living or non-living, have been destroyed.

Addendum : Dr. █████ Test Log

Test 1 

Subject : Agent ███████

Conditions : Subject lives approximately ██ miles from Site ██ and was briefed on the nature of SCP-1596 prior to testing; her home was emptied of all belongings prior to the experiment.

Results : Staff assigned to monitor Subject's home confirmed that it caught fire at precisely the same moment that she lit a match from SCP-1596. Their report shows the fire started on the far left of the second floor; Subject confirmed that this was her bedroom and the room in which she spent most of her time. During the test, Subject attempted to light a gasoline-soaked rag with her match; several attempts at doing so were all met with defeat. Subject was thanked for her cooperation and granted 110% market value of her home as compensation.

The flame from the match seems to be  after all, it would make sense that the majority of most subjects' time is spent at home. -Dr. █████

Test 2 

Subject : Agent ███

Conditions : Subject was flown in from the Foundation's Chinese branch for this experiment. As with Test 1, Subject was informed of the nature of SCP-1596 and given time to prepare his home beforehand.

Results : Subject was recorded attempting to light his match on a variety of substances, including three other matchboxes and even an open flame. The match remained unlit, however, until struck against SCP-1596. Staff assigned to Subjects's home confirmed that the fire again began at the exact moment that the match was struck; no deviation between times was recorded. Fire was observed to begin on the right side of the first floor; Subject confirmed this to be his  and where he would spend the majority of his time. While the match was lit, Subject attempted to light another match from SCP-1596 with it. Despite several attempts, the flame from his match refused to spread before extinguishing. Subject was thanked for his cooperation and granted 110% market value of his home as compensation.

Test 2 seems to indicate that the matches will not light by any means other than SCP-1596 and that a match's flame will not spread to any other substance. Furthermore, distance has not been observed to play any significant factor in the effect of SCP-1596, and Test 2 seems to add credence to my hypothesis that SCP-1596 is tied to where the Subject spends the most time, not where their  is. -Dr. █████

Test 3 

Subject : Agent ██████

Conditions : Match from SCP-1596 attached to a robotic arm and positioned to strike SCP-1596 upon activation. Subject was placed in separate room and told to press a button when prompted that would activate the arm and ignite the match. As before, Subject was warned of SCP-1596's nature and given the opportunity to prepare.

Result : Staff positioned at Subject's residence did not report any event of a fire; further investigation showed no sign of fire damage within. Two hours later, Subject was informed of a house fire at ███████████████, ██████, his childhood home. Fire patterns were consistent with those found in Tests 1 and 2. The house fire claimed █ lives, all of which were immediate family members to the Subject. Subject was granted indefinite leave for grieving; upon his return, he revealed that his childhood house was where he always  Subject was instead enrolled into counseling at the Foundation's Psychiatric Center.

We still can't rule out the possibility that the house fire was coincidental and that SCP-1596 simply doesn't work when it's not used directly. Still, when you see hoof prints, think Horses, not Zebras. Seems to be that SCP-1596 might possess some sort of telepathic abilities to  until further notice. -Dr. █████

O5 Notice - All testing/experimentation involving SCP-1596 is suspended indefinitely pending further review of its nature. Requests for reclassification will likewise be evaluated. 







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                tool
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            10 Nov 2019 17:41
            
            Edit
+115)
Tags
Discuss (31)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            UK Wiki Lulu
                      
              The website for the UK creators at Lulu.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Himetop
                      
              The History of Medicine Topographical Database
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Open CASCADE Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chess Variants Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

