                        


Item #:  SCP-656

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Any instances of SCP-656 must be kept in a low-humidity area for preservation. Any requests for testing must be run by Dr. ████████.

Description:  SCP-656 appears to be a board game box labeled “████ ██████ Home Edition”, where ████ ██████ is presumably the name of a game show. No such game show is known to have existed, although the host, █████ ███████, is an established personality and host of a number of other game shows. SCP-656 was purchased from the ███ ██ ███ thrift store by Agent █████ while off-duty.

Contained inside SCP-656 is a recordable VHS tape with “████ ██████ Home Edition” written on the label in black marker (SCP-656-1). The box contains nothing else.

When SCP-656-1 is inserted into a VCR attached to a television, it plays a taped episode of ████ ██████, which appears to be from the mid-1980's. The recording begins during the theme music, cutting off an unknown amount of time. The show follows a quiz show format, where three contestants answer trivia questions to win money. All of the contestants are confirmed to be living, although none have records suggesting that they competed on a game show.

If all viewers remain silent, the recording will proceed as expected. The third player, █████ █████████, will win with a sum of $██,███. However, if at any point any viewer vocally answers a question before a contestant, the contestant will give the same answer as the viewer.

SCP-656-1 appears to be able to distinguish between attempts to answer and discussion between viewers. Playing a recording of an answer will not cause the contestant to give the answer specified in the recording. The contestants will give anything as an answer if properly prompted, regardless of whether they could know the answer given, or content of the answer. The contestants, host, and audience will have no visible reaction to profanity, vulgarity, or racial slurs given as an answer.

The questions appear to be randomly selected, and are different every time. Questions can be about any topic, and from any time period, even information from after the apparent recording of the show. The only apparent limitation on the questions is that the answer must be known by at least one person viewing the tape. Questions will occasionally be of a deeply personal nature; questions have in the past revealed extramarital affairs, illegitimate children, drug addiction, and [DATA EXPUNGED]. Anything known to any viewer can become a question.

Copies of SCP-656 do not share its unique properties. Any copy of SCP-656 will play the recording as it appears when no viewers speak during play. Once a playthrough of SCP-656 has begun, it cannot be paused, rewound, or fast-forwarded.

Three (3) commercial breaks occur during the show, all advertising known products with the correct advertisements. After a commercial break, the camera view sweeps over the audience. Upon closer analysis, the audience consists entirely of people who have viewed the tape, as well as those currently viewing it. In addition to the Foundation personnel known to have viewed the tape, six (6) unknown people appear in the audience. At the end of the taping, after the host announces the winner of the three contestants, the  always corresponds with the current viewer who answered the most questions correctly. The tape cuts off soon after this point, during a disclaimer regarding the awarding of prizes. The disclaimer contains nothing of note. The recording runs for a total of 20 minutes, 3 seconds. There is an additional five (5) hours and forty (40) minutes of blank tape after the disclaimer cuts off. No anomalies have been detected within the blank portion of the tape.

Addendum:  All . It is now known that any person who wins the game will receive, after a number of days equal to the number of questions answered, a copy of SCP-656 in the mail. All copies received by Foundation personnel have displayed the address of Site-██ (the only Foundation facility where testing on SCP-656 has occurred) as the return address. All copies received by winners are fully functional. The Foundation is currently in possession of ██ additional instances of SCP-656.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                telepathic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 13:02
            
            Edit
+128)
Tags
Discuss (33)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Womens Film History Network
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            BRTFF
                      
              Passion on the Top
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金会Minecraft分部
                      
              控制，收容，保护
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Części Fiat i nie tylko
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

