                        




The vehicle driven by SCP-2879-1. Identifying logos and numbers have been redacted.



Item #:  SCP-2879

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2879 is to be kept in a secure storage locker at Site-18. Access is restricted to personnel with Level-2 clearance or greater. Access codes are to be changed on a monthly basis. Permission to perform tests involving SCP-2879 may only be granted by researchers with Level-3 clearance or higher. All testing is to take place at the residence constructed by the Foundation ██ miles east of Site-18 specifically for tests involving SCP-2879. Contents of packages received from SCP-2879-1 are to be logged, photographed, and incinerated. Severe penalties are enforced if any personnel attempt to keep packages for themselves or conduct testing anywhere other than the designated residence.

Description:  SCP-2879 is a [REDACTED]-brand Video Home System (VHS) player circa 19██. SCP-2879 possesses signs of wear typical for devices of similar age.

SCP-2879's initial anomalous effects manifest once it is connected to a television by a lone human while in an isolated area.1 Once connected, the television will switch on automatically and display the following text: .

SCP-2879 is capable of accepting any video tape of the VHS format, provided that the tape is in working order and contains a major motion picture. SCP-2879 will play the motion picture with video and audio quality that does not deviate from what the format is capable of. During the motion picture, a slight deviation will occur. A brief set of witnessed deviations is as follows:

Return of the Jedi: The lightsabers used by Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader during their climactic duel briefly change into the rods used by Mark Hamill and David Prowse during filming.


Scarface: Tony Montana shouts 


Die Hard: The message written by John McClain on the deceased terrorist reads 


Once the motion picture reaches its conclusion, SCP-2879 will eject the video tape and display a thirty minute countdown timer with the following text: . The television will switch itself off once the timer hits 00:00. No further anomalous effects will occur if the viewing subject failed to consciously determine what the alteration in the film was.

The final anomalous effect of SCP-2879 will occur fourteen business days after the viewing if the subject did indeed manage to make the conscious determination.2 A vehicle belonging to the [REDACTED] delivery company will arrive at the subject's current place of residence. An individual designated as SCP-2879-1 will then exit the vehicle and deliver a package to the subject.

So far, every package received has contained a piece of merchandise related to the film that has been autographed by the director(s) and members of the main cast. Detailed analysis of the signatures confirms that they are genuine. A brief list of received merchandise is as follows:

A Return of the Jedi theatrical poster, signed by Richard Marquand, Mark Hamill, David Prowse, Harrison Ford, and Carrie Fisher.


A transparent plastic package labelled , signed by Brian De Palma, Al Pacino, Michelle Pfeiffer, and Steven Bauer. Chemical analysis of the contents confirm that the package contained nothing more than typical kitchen flour.


A gray sweater reading , written in a substance identified as being false blood. The sweater is signed by John McTiernan, Bruce Willis, Alan Rickman, and Reginald VelJohnson.


SCP-2879REQUIRED

-Accepted


Test #██ 



Date of Test:  ██/██/20██

Objective:  Detain SCP-2879-1 and determine its anomalous properties, if any.

Results:  SCP-2879-1 was detained without incident during a delivery. A thorough interrogation determined that SCP-2879-1 suffers from a severe level of amnesia that prevents it from recalling events prior to arriving at the latest viewing subject's residence. Subsequent DNA testing confirmed that SCP-2879-1 is a Caucasian male in between the ages of 25 and 30 with no abnormal physical characteristics.

Analysis:  Highly forgetful, yet otherwise normal. Curious. -Dr. ██████
附加记录：    

Test #██ 



Date of Test:  ██/██/20██

Objective:  Track SCP-2879-1's vehicle and determine where it goes after leaving the viewing subject's residence.

Results:  Agent ████ attached a GPS tracking device onto the underside of SCP-2879-1's vehicle during a delivery. Eight minutes and thirty-two seconds (00:08:32) after departing, the tracking software lost communication with the tracking device. Field agents sent to investigate the last known location of SCP-2879-1's vehicle were unable to determine its location.

Analysis:  The vehicle appears to vanish from existence entirely. My theory is that the disappearance only occurs when SCP-2879-1 is out of direct view. I'll need to authorize further testing in order to confirm this. -Dr. ██████
附加记录：    

Test #██ 



Date of Test:  ██/██/20██

Objective:  Tail SCP-2879-1's vehicle for as long as reasonably possible.

Results : Agent ████ attached a GPS tracking device onto the underside of SCP-2879-1's vehicle during a delivery in the same manner as before. Upon SCP-2879-1's departure, Agent ████ maintained a visual on the vehicle with high-powered binoculars while an unmarked Foundation helicopter manned by Agent █████ departed from Site-18 and moved in to intercept. The helicopter maintained a visual on SCP-2879-1's vehicle for two hours and eighteen minutes(02:18:00) before returning to Site-18. Two hours, forty-six minutes, and twelve seconds (02:46:12) after the initial departure of SCP-2879-1's vehicle, the tracking software lost communication with the tracking device.

Analysis:  Soon after the helicopter's disengagement, SCP-2879-1 vanished from existence once again. It is likely that the extra time was spent evading prying eyes in the form of civilian vehicles taking the same highway. Further testing in this area is not required. -Dr. ██████
附加记录：    




Addendum:  SCP-2879 was recovered from the home of a New Mexico resident by the name of ████ ███, who had been selling excessive amounts of autographed merchandise for various movies on ████.com. The individual's ████ account was taken down upon discovery by Foundation operatives, and he was administered amnestics after an interrogation in which he claimed to have purchased SCP-2879 from a local pawn shop whose owner described it as once being used for  Buyers of the sold merchandise were informed by Foundation operatives posing as ████ employees that the merchandise was discovered to consist entirely of worthless forgeries and were subsequently provided financial compensation. During a cursory investigation, the mentioned pawn shop was found to have closed down fourteen business days after selling SCP-2879 to ████ ███. Attempts to locate the owner are ongoing.

An extensive search of the pawn shop was authorized shortly after the cursory examination. The business still contained a substantial amount of merchandise common with shops of its nature. A floor safe was discovered in the office of the now-absent owner, which contained five thousand U.S. dollars, a photograph of an as-of-yet unidentified woman, and a promotional poster created by the [REDACTED] entertainment company that appears to describe SCP-2879. The transcript of the poster is as follows:



Introducing , you ask? That's right, winning this game grants you ownership of limited-edition merchandise signed by cinematic legends George Lucas, Al Pacino, Steven Spielberg, Mike Myers, and many, many more! So remember: When boredom is your enemy, pick up and play Spot the Discrepancy!
附加记录：    

Investigations into the poster's claims confirmed that the mentioned company never created the entertainment product described by the poster, nor was the mentioned delivery company ever in the described partnership. When interviewed by Foundation personnel posing as freelance reporters, the mentioned individuals could not recall autographing merchandise for any games matching the description of the one presented by the poster. Additional instances of SCP-2879 have yet to be discovered.

Footnotes
1. The presence of video surveillance equipment does not disrupt the anomalous effects of SCP-2879.
2. Subjects who viewed the motion picture via remote surveillance cannot trigger the final anomalous effect.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 12:21
            
            Edit
+36)
Tags
Discuss (13)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Therafim RPG
                      
              Epic Destiny Awaits
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The SCP Commune
                      
              Satirize, Collectivize, Politicize
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Nre509
                      
              Ecology: Science of Context and Interaction
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The World of Metamor Keep
                      
              Welcome to Metamor Keep
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

