                        


Item #:  SCP-1737

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Once SCP-1737's position has stabilized to a specific location for greater than 3 minutes per GPS tracker, the closest available MTF will be dispatched to the site in order to take it into custody. Although SCP-1737 demanifests upon the completion of any sporting event it attends, the apprehension allows the Foundation to prevent the remainder of SCP-1737's anomalous activities.

In the event that Foundation personnel are unable to arrive at SCP-1737's location prior to the onset of anomalous activities, they are to administer Class C amnestics to all witnesses, acquire the resultant products from the location at which they were deposited, and disseminate a cover story that affected individuals died on route to medical care.

Description:  SCP-1737 is a male humanoid of indeterminate ethnicity. SCP-1737 appears at amateur sporting events as a replacement for a referee for the game, wherein the missing referee is unexpectedly ill, injured, or otherwise detained or prevented from arriving at the sporting venue. SCP-1737's appearance varies slightly between manifestations, but is generally slightly taller than the average height of the local population, has dark-colored hair and eyes, and is always continually chewing an unknown substance without replenishing it.

SCP-1737 invariably knows all the rules of the game it is refereeing, including detailed minutiae and local variations on standard rules. At some point during the game that it is refereeing, at least two players will simultaneously suffer potentially life-threatening injuries requiring immediate emergency medical treatment. Regardless of whether or not any attendees have contacted local emergency services, an ambulance will arrive at the sporting venue within 4 minutes of the time of injury.

Exactly two of the injured players will be loaded into the ambulance by SCP-1737, who will accompany them in the ambulance. Any additional injured individuals will be informed that the ambulance is full and to wait for the next one to arrive. Audiovisual surveillance equipment placed in the ambulance during this time suffers from data corruption or hardware failure consistent with extreme electromagnetic flux, although GPS location trackers are unaffected. The reason for this exemption is unknown, but has been exploited to place GPS trackers within SCP-1737's personal effects.

The ambulance will drive to the nearest hospital or trauma center and, upon arrival, SCP-1737 will offload a single stretcher bearing an individual appearing to be an amalgamation of the two players originally loaded into the ambulance. This entails the repair of any injuries suffered by either player with flesh from the other, and includes such extremes as partial or total organ transplants, bone grafts, blood transfusions, and brain tissue transplants. The resulting creature typically expires within two weeks due to systemic shock and organ rejection.

In addition to the hybrid creature, SCP-1737 will offload a plastic bin similar to those used for organ transfers, labelled  cartilage that should be expected, and the samples retrieved uniformly display ripping damage.

After transferring the hybridized creature to medical personnel, SCP-1737 will state that it must return to the game in order to continue refereeing and attempt to leave the premises by any means necessary. If allowed to leave, it will return to the sporting event by non-anomalous means and attempt to continue officiating, and will disappear between camera frames upon the conclusion of the game.

If forcibly restrained from returning to the sporting venue, it will self-terminate using any method available, including deliberately swallowing and choking on the substance it chews or holding its breath until it asphyxiates. Once SCP-1737 is deceased, its remains will dissolve into a slurry of undifferentiated human cellular tissue. DNA analysis of this tissue matches that of the most recently amalgamated individuals in approximately 37% of all cases.

Future manifestations of SCP-1737 retain copies of whatever objects were in its possession during its last demanifestation, including duplicates of Foundation-issue tracking devices. Although the original objects are not affected by SCP-1737, these copies will also degenerate in the event that the current manifestation does.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                vehicle
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            21 Jun 2018 14:09
            
            Edit
+173)
Tags
Discuss (26)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Foundation
                      
              Underrepresented Languages Incubator
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            IRUNA Online Thailand WIKI
                      
              by iruna th team
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Nirn
                      
              The Nirn Project
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fondazione SCP
                      
              Branca Italiana della SCP Foundation
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

