                        


Item #:  SCP-2049

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Ten Foundation personnel should reside in Manningtree, UK, at all times. When a transmission from SCP-2049-1 is detected, information regarding the forecast should be related to Site 294 immediately. If the resulting anomaly directly affects the population of Manningtree, MTF 294-Samekh () will be deployed to Manningtree. A cover story is to be established for the results of the resulting anomaly, and amnestics are to be administered to any direct witnesses.

SCP-2049 broadcasts have been reported to Manningtree as pranks originating from an unknown source in the United Kingdom.

Description:  SCP-2049 is a periodic anomalous weather forecast that only occurs in Manningtree. At random intervals,2 Manningtree, usually between 08:00 and 14:00. At this time, SCP-2049-1 appears on screen and delivers a weather forecast, typically predicting anomalous weather conditions. Exactly 24 hours after the broadcast terminates, the predicted weather conditions will occur over or near Manningtree. (See Document 2049-Theta for a full log of forecasts, to date.)

SCP-2049-1 is a humanoid with teal skin. Other than this quality, SCP-2049-1 appears to be a non-anomalous human male in his 40's. SCP-2049-1 delivers the forecasts that appear in Manningtree, although it has stated that the anomalous effect of the forecasts is unintentional. (See Interview Log 2049-A.) The following is the first known broadcast from SCP-2049-1, recorded by a civilian from Manningtree.



SCP-2049-1:  Good morning, this is Xchtl'krnss3 with your Monday weather report. The heat wave that seemed to slow everyone down over the weekend has only worsened since the last forecast! Our meteorologists predict that today's temperature could climb to as high as 40 degrees Celsius by the late afternoon. Right now, the temperature seems to be around 29 degrees Celsius, and it's only the morning. However, there is a colored breeze coming in on Tuesday, which might help alleviate the heat. Unfortunately, there is also no rain in the forecast for the next five days. This is bad news for all you gardening enthusiasts out there. If you don't have air-conditioning, you might just be sleeping on the roof tonight! That's all for today's weather. Stay tuned for the Tuesday weather report.
附加记录：    

This weather report was deemed as targeted at Earth, which was discovered to occur only as a rare occurrence. Most other weather reports pertain to currently unknown planets and/or realities.

Document2049-Theta

HideDocument



Forecast 
Results 



All winds passing through areas around Manningtree cause a certain color to be perceived in the air. Northerly winds turned a blue hue, southerly winds turned yellow, western winds turned green, and eastern winds turned red.



First evidence that not all broadcasts are directed towards Earth. Clouds begin to descend throughout the day around Manningtree and are found to consist of spun sugar.



Hail with star-shaped ice that retains the properties of holy water, as tested on SCP-████.



Precipitation that, upon impacting a solid surface, immediately disperses into dust. Increased levels of electrostatic activity.



A thunderstorm manifests, which causes lightning to originate from the ground and strike in the thunderstorm itself. Somehow, this causes the clouds to light with fire.



A single, spiral shaped cloud manifests over an area directly west of Manningtree, with a 1km diameter. High levels of gamma radiation exist in this zone until the weather dissipates. Protons are detected travelling at high velocity within the zone, suggesting a Hadron collider-like effect. Cloud spirals upward, seemingly unaffected by winds, into the high troposphere. Anomalously bright lightning also occurs during this event.



Weather balloon-like constructs fall from the sky at irregular intervals throughout the day. This causes only minor structural damage, as weather balloons are found to have exceedingly low mass. Balloons are composed of neoprene, with lightweight measurement equipment.


6
A tornado consisting entirely of animated monofilament made a path around Manningtree. Damages include laceration and abrasion, mostly to sheds and outlying structures outside of Manningtree, and wind levels are low during this event.



Small, sparse clouds manifest over Manningtree. Any location in the shadow of these clouds experienced a 100% lack of visible light.



A fog consisting of suspended micro-organisms lingers to the east of Manningtree, disintegrating all organic matter in its immediate area and absorbing the results.



No personnel have ever been able to recall the results of this forecast for long enough to document it.



The precipitation from the resulting rainstorm dyed anything it came in contact with blue until the weather dissipated. Precipitate from this rainstorm has unusually high salt content.



Over time, it is found that these broadcasts have decreased both in signal strength, and A/V quality. Both of these decreased drastically between two broadcasts, just prior to the original inquiry for sponsors, and slowly over time.




Show2049-A

HideLog




Interviewed:  SCP-2049-1

Interviewer:  Doctor Fitzpatrick

Foreword:  Subject is contacted via provided phone number during a broadcast. The number that the interviewer calls from is blocked.

 

SCP-2049-1:  Yes, hello? This is the Center of Interdimensional Weather speaking.

Doctor Fitzpatrick:  Is this the line for sponsors?

SCP-2049-1:  Yes! Yes, it is! 

Doctor Fitzpatrick:  Could you please inform me as to what you do, exactly?

SCP-2049-1:  Oh, sure, sure. I'm Xchtl'krnss, but, heh, I guess you know that already! What can I put you down for?

Doctor Fitzpatrick:  Are you aware that you are creating the weather that you forecast? Are you able to predict future events?

SCP-2049-1:   Preposterous. I, like any good weatherman, just report the facts as I see 'em.

Doctor Fitzpatrick:  Your broadcasts seem to have decreased in quality over time. Why? Did something happen?

SCP-2049-1:  Oh. Oh, uh I think they do some kind of shopping network now.

Doctor Fitzpatrick:  How is it that you continue your broadcasts?

SCP-2049-1:  Oh, I've been using my own camera. I bought this frequency, right? They gave it to me pretty cheap. It was uhm, the least they could do, they said.

Doctor Fitzpatrick:  Have you gained any sponsors?

SCP-2049-1:  Oh, yeah! Quite a few. I'm proud.

Doctor Fitzpatrick:  Can you divulge their names?

SCP-2049-1:  N-no, because

Doctor Fitzpatrick:  Okay. Why do you continue these broadcasts? Do you have many viewers?

SCP-2049-1:  

Doctor Fitzpatrick:  Hello? Kic- 

SCP-2049-1:  It gets lonely out here, okay? At least I still have those loyal few viewers. They seem to love me. They tune into me, every time, without fault. They trust me.

Doctor Fitzpatrick:  Okay, SCP-2049-1.

SCP-2049-1:  who?

Doctor Fitzpatrick:  I think that will be all.



SCP-2049-1:  Please don't go.

 

Closing Statement:  A second call to this number failed, returning with a statement that the number did not exist. Broadcasts still occur, and are added to this documentation as they take place. Neither the broadcast quality, nor SCP-2049-1's demeanor, have improved since the call.
附加记录：    




Footnotes
1. Anywhere from one day to two months
2. This channel is only accessible during broadcasts.
3. The correct spelling of SCP-2049-1's given name was found on a marquee at the bottom of the broadcast's image.
4. This is a phonetic approximation of the actual word spoken, which seems to correlate with Wednesday.
5. All that can be heard during this period is a low, guttural rumbling.
6. No replies were ever received from this email.
7. This broadcast took place after the longest hiatus to date: two months.
8. See Interview Log 2049-A.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            21 Apr 2018 08:19
            
            Edit
+302)
Tags
Discuss (43)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            exciting
                      
              exciting, all electron DFT
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Castle Age Wiki
                      
              Knowledge Database
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Timebox
                      
              Temporal writing bubble
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CCS Related
                      
              Malkavian guide to CCS life
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

