                        




Scan of SCP-2658.



Item #:  SCP-2658

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2658 is to be kept in Containment Locker 1410 in Site 73. Within the locker, SCP-2658 will be stored in a standard collectible card sleeve, which will in turn be within a standard collectible card toploader.

Staff members who maintain or have in the past maintained collections of Magic: the Gathering cards should not look at or interact with SCP-2658.

Description:  SCP-2658 is a ruled index card trimmed to dimensions of approximately 2.5 inches by 3.5 inches (63 x 88 are written on the reverse side of the object in blue ink. These correspond, in part, to the text on the card Mox Ruby from Magic: the Gathering (hereafter referred to as Magic), a popular trading card game. SCP-2658 otherwise has the physical characteristics expected of such a card.

SCP-2658's anomalous effect is triggered when anyone who considers themselves a collector of or investor in Magic cards views it.2

These perceptions are consistent amongst affected individuals, each seeing a given card as the same incorrect card. Images of cards which have themselves been seen by at least one exposed individual are also affected, but not images of cards that have not been seen. For instance, should one affected individual see a genuine Mox Ruby, all images of that copy of Mox Ruby will be seen incorrectly by all affected individuals. Images of any other copy of Mox Ruby will be seen correctly. It is speculated that this effect is present in order to make it more difficult to prove to affected individuals that their cards are not what they see them as.

After approximately one week, those affected by SCP-2658 will give away the bulk of their valuable cards which they now perceive as worthless, usually to new or young players at local game stores. These gifts will continue even if others attempt to inform affected individuals about the true nature of the cards involved; these attempts are always dismissed as an attempt at a prank. Following these gifts, subjects will cease collecting, investing in, and playing Magic, stating that it is a 

Those who are not collectors of Magic are entirely unaffected. The distinction between a collector of Magic and one who is only a player of Magic is dependent on what an individual believes themselves to be, as those who have a large number of Magic cards but do not consider themselves to be a collector are unaffected. It is unknown why this distinction is made. SEE Addendum 11/05/18 .

Former collectors of or investors in Magic will perceive SCP-2658 as a Mox Ruby from Limited Edition Alpha, but will not perceive other Magic cards differently. However, those who have begun collecting something else will in ██% of cases begin giving away the most valuable parts of their collection(s) approximately one week after exposure, citing them as a  The latter phrase is said even when the things being collected are in no way card-related. These gifts will also typically take place at a local game store, regardless of the appropriateness of such a location.3

+11/05/18

-Granted


An automated information security alert led Foundation investigators to a thread on the enthusiast Internet forum ███ █████████, titled  After many unremarkable replies, a user named WondertainmentDDS posted the following in response to the thread, their only post on the forum (all errors [sic]):



i got an idea. i'm a product of the public school system so i don't have the best grasp of economics, but. if all the fukken collectors and speculators leave and give away their shit, things will get cheaper, right? less demand, more supply. just gotta get em to do that. so i've been trading these things out up and down the west coast 8D
附加记录：    



Image SCP-2658-003.



Attached was Image SCP-2658-003 . The words on this card correspond to Mox Sapphire, another rare and expensive Magic card.

The user's icon on the website was an image of an instance of SCP-248, and the user's forum signature claimed allegiance to Gamers Against Weed.

The thread and WondertainmentDDS' account have since been deleted, under cooperation with the ███ █████████ staff. Amnestics were distributed to users confirmed to have seen the thread.

Given the description contained in the post and the similarity in handwriting between the images, this individual is almost certainly the creator of SCP-2658, and the pictured object likely has similar if not identical properties.

Attempts to trace the location of this user resolved to the IP address 4.2.0.69. The owners of the computer using this address were interviewed and determined not to be WondertainmentDDS, as they had never heard of Magic: the Gathering and appeared to possess neither anomalous objects nor the ability to create such. This spoofed IP address was likely an attempt at humor.

Efforts to locate this individual, as well as any other anomalous objects they may have created, are ongoing.




Footnotes
1. Images of SCP-2658 do not trigger its anomalous effect.
2.  seems to be a combination of various online retailers' prices for the card. Should a card change in value to outside of the given price ranges, those affected by SCP-2658 will no longer perceive it differently from reality. It is not known how this information is obtained, as reversions of card identity following price changes are noted even in subjects with no non-anomalous access to information from the outside world.
3. Other collections given away include comic books, coins, Japanese swords, and vintage wines.









‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  rubyproxy.png

Name:  rubyproxy.png

Author:  eggs

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2658
附加记录：    



Filename:  sapphireproxy.png

Name:  sapphireproxy.png

Author:  eggs

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2658
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            29 Nov 2020 07:08
            
            Edit
+96)
Tags
Discuss (16)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot Community
                      
              hints / tips / help / discussion
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金会小马国分部
                      
              控制 • 收容 • 保护
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            final fantasy XIV wiki encyclopédie en français
                      
              FFXIV final fantasy XIV 14 fr wiki FF14 français
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Lightworks Unofficial Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

