                        

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



SCP-5127; 



Item #:  SCP-5127

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-5127 is to be kept within a standard secure storage locker at Site-64. Access requires minimum Clearance 2 while being deemed in satisfactory psychological condition by site psychiatric staff. Supervising personnel are not to look through SCP-5127 unless the object is being worn. Personnel accessing SCP-5127 are required to submit to a psychological screening after each session. (See Addendum 5127.2) SCP-5127 is to be kept within a darkened secure storage unit with controlled ventilation at Site-64. Access requires minimum Clearance 3 while being deemed in satisfactory psychological condition by site psychiatric staff. SCP-5127 is not to be exposed to any source of light, natural or otherwise, while outside of a testing environment. Exposing SCP-5127 to light for extended periods is forbidden, as instances of SCP-5127-1 have been shown to pose chemical and reality hazards. Areas exposed to SCP-5127-1 must be immediately ventilated with HEPA or equivalent HVAC filters to prevent Site exposure.

While there is no inherent threat in not doing so, SCP-5127 is to be kept in a darkened containment unit during transport to prevent unintended use. SCP-5127 can be transported unescorted, provided appropriate measures are taken to prevent unauthorized usage or exposure to light.

While SCP-5127 otherwise maintains pristine condition, it is to receive professional polishing once annually to prevent accidental wear on the lenses. SCP-5127 is not to be handled without proper personal protective equipment (PPE). Future requests for polishing are under review.

Temporary Containment Procedure Update:  (See Addendum 5127.1) Per Containment Committee Order 5127.S64.15.1, Dr P█████ is no longer permitted to interact directly with SCP-5127 outside of a testing environment. This order shall persist indefinitely, until such a time a consensus regarding Dr P█████'s mental state has been reached.

Description:  SCP-5127 is a material object resembling circular pink spectacles2). Subjects are usually aware that the cause of this effect stems from SCP-5127, and SCP-5127 can be removed from the wearer at any time. Some subjects have reported that usage of SCP-5127 is comparable to a small dosage of Ecstasy (3,4-Methyl​enedioxy​methamphetamine) differing only in that the effect ends immediately upon removal instead of the standard 3-6 hours. Results vary depending on the mental state and psychological triggers of the subject, but all subjects have reported a general feeling of serenity. SCP-5127's bliss-inducing properties can cause addiction in subjects subjected to long-term use.

SCP-5127-1 is the designation given to 4. Long-term exposure is fatal and will cause death by chemical overdose.

The density, concentration, and composition of SCP-5127-1 are dependent on the type and brightness of light distributed through SCP-5127; with natural light causing little to no production.

Discovery:  Purchased for £7 at ████ Antiques, an antique shop in Windsor, UK, by Foundation personnel. SCP-5127's anomalous attributes were discovered when a researcher from Site-91  before their subsequent purchase. SCP-5127 was later transferred to Site-64 after Site-91 ruled out any possible xenobiological or thaumaturgical origins.

Experiment-5127-01:  Dr A███, in an attempt to test SCP-5127's effective range, propped the object into a position at which it could be viewed through, placed a portrait in front of SCP-5127, and proceeded to move backwards. Dr A███ concluded that SCP-5127's effective range was the human eye's ability to see through it. Stating that: 

Experiment-5127-02:  A camera was placed behind one of SCP-5127's lenses. The footage was reported to have no anomalous properties other than being pink tinted. It seems that SCP-5127 is only effective when used by humans (See Experiment-5127-03; Experiment-5127-05) directly observed by creatures that can see.

Experiment-5127-03:  SCP-5127 was placed on various kinds of animals5 and the status of each specimen was documented. All instances in which the subject could see through SCP-5127 reported activation of their various pleasure centres, with increased serotonin and dopamine production.

Experiment-5127-04:  One (1) D-class diagnosed with chemically-imbalanced depression was instructed to wear SCP-5127 as one usually would. The D-class reported feeling  and proceeded to sing a rendition of Louis Armstrong's What A Wonderful World, despite there being no green trees or flowers of any kind in the vicinity. When the object had been removed from the D-class (only minimal resistance was present) the subject reported that he no longer suffered from depressive episodes, but was able to experience feelings related to sadness again.6

Experiment-5127-05:  One (1) D-class was given a standard tactical flashlight (250 Lumens) and asked to shine light through SCP-5127 and observe the object's effects. Upon shining the beam through SCP-5127's left lens, the beam was amplified by approximately 2.5x in brightness, with a final result of light as bright as 630 Lumens. The lightluminescent vapour produced and emitted from SCP-5127, hereby designated SCP-5127-1, has properties similar to its source of origin. The only new property exhibited by SCP-5127-1 is that its optical manipulation is observable to all sighted parties. If a sufficiently bright light source is used to create SCP-5127-1, the light produced can engulf large areas. It is impossible to burn an individual or item using the object's natural magnification properties due to the moisture concentration of SCP-5127-1; no matter how strong the light source.

Addendum 5127.1:  Dr P█████ received SCP-5127 during its transit period from Site-91 to Site-64, where it had been previously monitored by Dr A███. For the duration of transit, and a significant measure of time while in Site-64's custody, Dr P█████ used SCP-5127 for his personal enjoyment and developed an addiction to SCP-5127's euphoric effects. Due to the lack of briefing on the effects of SCP-5127 other than: , administrative action has not been taken against Dr P█████. The only exception being the restriction of access to SCP-5127, which was submitted at Dr P█████'s request.

The following interview was conducted by Site-64's psychology team after Dr P█████ was taken into custody, and SCP-5127 was placed back in containment.



Interviewer:  Dr Andy Westenfelt, Site-64

Interviewee:  Dr P█████, Site-64
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

[BEGIN LOG]
附加记录：    



Dr Westenfelt:  How are you feeling today Doctor-
附加记录：    



Dr P█████:  (In Mandarin Chinese) Cut the shit, Andy.
附加记录：    



Dr Westenfelt:  I know I'm the only other one in the room that can speak Mandarin, but they're going to translate it anyway so you might as well use English.
附加记录：    



Dr P█████:  (In English) How the fuck do you think I feel? I'm in withdrawal.
附加记录：    



Dr Westenfelt:  Well, that's fair enough. Since you want to get right to it, why'd you do it?
附加记录：    



Dr P█████:  (Groans) Could I get some water, please?
附加记录：    



(Dr Westenfelt gestures, and a glass of water is brought to Dr P█████)
附加记录：    



Dr Westenfelt:  But why did you do it █████?
附加记录：    



Dr P█████:  Quite frankly I didn't expect the rollercoaster I got.
附加记录：    



Dr Westenfelt:  Rollercoaster?
附加记录：    



Dr P█████:  Well yeah, A███ said that they were safe to wear. Guess he didn't have to wear them much when they were looking for (A Brief Pause) magic?
附加记录：    



Dr Westenfelt:  Thaumatic signatures, yeah.
附加记录：    



Dr P█████:  (Chuckles) Well that's Yorkshire for you.
附加记录：    



(Both doctors continue the friendly conversation for a while until Dr Westenfelt redirects back to the main topic)
附加记录：    



Dr Westenfelt:  So how was the experience?
附加记录：    



Dr P█████:  Nice at first. Everybody wants to stress a little less, but it just got worse.
附加记录：    



Dr Westenfelt:  Could you define  for me?
附加记录：    



Dr P█████:  Well, okay. So imagine being a tad bit drunk, but all the time. You are happy, warm, not a care in the world. Yet you know that people are looking at you a little funny, but that doesn't make you want to stop, right? You consider it, so you take 'em off but the world is just so painstakingly dull. Before you know it they're right back on your face and you won't think about this again for a week. It was like that if that makes any sense.
附加记录：    



Dr Westenfelt:  Would you consider using (SCP-5127) again?
附加记录：    



Dr P█████:  Well maybe. (A Brief Pause) Actually no. Not unless I needed to. In fact, keep it away from me, okay? I know that withdrawal gets worse before it gets better and I don't want easy access to it in case I start slipping.
附加记录：    



Dr Westenfelt:  I'll see what I can do.

[END LOG]
附加记录：    

Dr P█████ was afterwards demoted to E-class for initial quarantine and assessment. Dr P█████ has since been rehabilitated and has resumed his research at Site-64 after returning to C-class status. At his request, Containment Committee Order 5127.S64.15.1 remains in place.

Addendum 5127.2: After approximately 14 hours of accidental direct light exposure, the concentration of SCP-5127-1 in Site-64's anomalous object lockerroom was dense enough to incapacitate Dr Berg and two of his research personnel. This initiated a level 3 evacuation of Site-64's northern quadrant until sufficient ventilation could be provided. SCP-5127-1 was subsequently reclassified as a vapour, and containment protocol was updated accordingly. Dr Berg's consequent request to process SCP-5127 as a possible biochemical weapon has been denied.

Addendum 5127.3:  While being tested at Site-91, Dr A███ remarked on how SCP-5127's euphoria-inducing qualities could be implicated to assist any individuals infected with SCP-4042-2 continue.

Scribe's note: This document was originally composed at Site-91 before being amended and completed by Site-64. SCP-5127 was originally contained and documented in the United Kingdom before being transferred to a facility in the United States. Therefore, it is composed in British-English to preserve its comprehensive integrity.

Footnotes
1. Also known as 
2. Referencing the idiom rose-coloured glasses: optimism, the tendency to see things in a positive light
3. Skin and bodily orifices are susceptible to SCP-5127-1. SCP-5127-1 has not shown an ability to penetrate artificial coverings.
4. Street name: Ecstasy
5. A golden retriever, a siamese cat, a guinea pig, a sand puppy, and a star-nosed mole
6. Mental state of the subject was recorded over a period of three (3) weeks before scheduled termination


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                in-deletion
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            09 Jan 2021 17:49
            
            Edit
-13)
Tags
Discuss (4)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            RMIT Vietnam IM 2007B
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Blank Template
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            地下黑市
                      
              属于闲人的社区
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-VN Sandbox
                      
              Khu vực thử nghiệm
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

