                        




SCP-4360.



Item #:  SCP-4360

Object Class:  Safe (Pending Euclid)

Special Containment Procedures:  The forest within which SCP-4360 is located is to be patrolled by no more than two guards disguised as forest rangers. Should any civilians attempt to come within 10 meters of SCP-4360, they are to be turned away by the guards under the cover story of an endangered species nesting in the area.

Testing of SCP-4360 may only be done using Foundation-approved DVDs.

Description:  SCP-4360 is a Red Alder Tree1 located in a forest on Bainbridge Island, Washington. SCP-4360 is functionally and aesthetically identical to a television and DVD player, though still requires sunlight and nutrients as standard for a non-anomalous Red Alder Tree.

Should any non-anomalous DVD be inserted into SCP-4360, it will play the program despite no obvious source of power. However, any programs played through SCP-4360 will typically be altered in some way to prevalently feature trees. Occasionally, words in English will appear on screen as well, either criticizing the program or praising it, depending on its material.

Subjects who watch programs on SCP-4360 occasionally report a significant emotional shift, typically related to any critiques of programs displayed on SCP-4360. These anomalous effects are impermanent, and only last as long as the subject is in direct line of sight of SCP-4360 while it is playing its current program.

Addendum 4360-01:  Below is an abridged list of programs as altered by SCP-4360, as viewed by Researcher Caroline Fremont.


Program
Alterations to the Source Material
Commentary
Emotional Response


A recording of a local news broadcast.
All stories involved environmental protection, particularly the protection of national forests and wetlands. The weather report segment did not address weather across the county, but rather the effects of weather on the plant and animal life in forests.
None.
None.


The same recording as the test prior.
Stories were altered as previous, however the entirety of the broadcast was filmed within a non-descript forest.

Subject reported feeling apathetic and bored towards the broadcast while watching the program. Subject was anxious and felt a desire to end the test prematurely.


Episode 3, Season 4 of 2.
All actors present within the show were replaced by animate trees. In addition, the show's title card instead displayed the words [sic]. Plot was largely unchanged.

Subject reported a  while watching the program.


The 2005 horror film .
All footage was replaced with an off-white placard displaying the word . Audio of the film played as normal.

Subject reported a profound sense of regret while watching the program.


Footage from the 1969 Moon Landing
Astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin emerged from what appeared to be a giant tree, and then rather than planting an American Flag, the pair dug up the lunar soil and then planted a sapling. The sapling grew to maturation within seconds, and its roots began to cover the entirety of the lunar surface.

Subject reported a sense of awe and amazement while watching the footage.


Episode 2, Season 1 of 3.
The entirety of the ocean is replaced with enormous trees. Fish are seen swimming between the trees as if it were water. Occasionally, the branches of certain trees reach down to the fish and wrap around them, then proceed to encompass them in bark and incorporate them into its trunk.

Subject reported a sense of anticipation while watching the program, 


The 2013 documentary film .
The footage was largely unchanged, save for several cartoon hearts appearing around the screen.

Subject reportedly felt  while watching the program.


A recording of SCP-4360.
Unchanged.

Subject felt as if they were being watched while watching the footage, but did not express any alarm at this notion.



Addendum 4360-02:  On September 28th, 20██, Researcher Fremont reported that she had found a single DVD growing off of a tree branch at her home residence. Analysis of the DVD itself shows that while it is functionally and aesthetically identical to a non-anomalous DVD, it is constructed entirely of tree leaves and sap.

Upon inspection of its contents, the DVD contained approximately four minutes of shaky footage of Researcher Fremont performing tests with SCP-4360. Throughout the footage, trees surrounding SCP-4360 bent downwards towards Researcher Fremont, surrounding her in their branches and occasionally penetrating her skin. By the end of the footage, Researcher Fremont is entirely enveloped in tree bark and has grown roots where her feet once were.

Further examination of the audio from the footage revealed an unidentified voice. Phrases spoken by this voice have been approximated to be  while watching the footage on a non-anomalous DVD player. Testing has not been done using SCP-4360.

Due to the potential information breach, SCP-4360's Object Class is pending an upgrade to Euclid-Class. Testing of SCP-4360 is suspended indefinitely. Researcher Fremont is to be monitored for any further footage delivered to her residence.

Footnotes
1. Alnus rubra.
2. Titled 
3. Titled .








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 19:51
            
            Edit
+94)
Tags
Discuss (11)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Killing Floor Map Database
                      
              KFMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Puppet中文wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Employment Network of SB
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

