                        


Item #:  SCP-392

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All living SCP-392 instances are to be held in a standard greenhouse sector at Biological Research Site-103. Population of SCP-392 instances is to be maintained at an upper limit of ten. Selected SCP-392 seeds are to be extracted and kept in cryonic storage at Bio Site-103.

Description:  SCP-392 is an artificial plant species created via Daevite thaumaturgy,3

While SCP-392 is physiologically similar to that of P. persica, one significant difference is that SCP-392 does not produce fruits from the ovary upon flowering. Instead, it produces a series of physically identical male human heads. DNA analysis indicates that they are of the same individual. As the tattoos found on the heads are indicative of human concubinus belonging to Daevite matriarchs, it is postulated that the heads grown from SCP-392 represent a human concubinus of the Matriarch Waq Waq.

The physiology of heads grown from SCP-392 is mostly identical to that of a human, although the heads lack eyelids and the seed for SCP-392 is located at the prefrontal cortex. In addition, the heads are capable of responding to external stimuli, as indicated by various reflex actions. PET scans of attached heads have identified neural activity in the brain. Notably, rate of eye movement and neural activity are consistently higher when female humanoid figures are within the head's visual axis as compared to other types of objects. Below is an abridged list of reflex actions and responses obtained from heads grown from SCP-392.

+Excerpts

-392-Shi



Test 392/01



Subject
D-690


Protocol
D-690 is instructed to wave her hand in front of a head attached to SCP-392.


Results
Irises of the head move according to the movement of D-690's hand.




Test 392/02



Subject
D-690


Protocol
D-690 is instructed to caress a head attached to SCP-392.


Results
Irises of the head move toward the region where it is touched. Jaws of the head open at approximately 5º. No vocalisation produced.




Test 392/03



Subject
D-690


Protocol
D-690 is instructed to place her lips over the lips of a head attached to SCP-392.


Results
Mouth of the head opened and tongue extended in an attempt to touch D-690's lips and tongue.






When detached from SCP-392, neural activity and reflex actions from the heads will cease. The heads can be plucked or will fall from the plant naturally via barochory. When detached from SCP-392, the head will gradually undergo decomposition, allowing the seed to be exposed to water and oxygen. Decomposed matter from the head will then serve as an organic fertiliser for germination.

SCP-392 was discovered in the Katsura Imperial Villa at Kyoto, Japan on ██/██/1945. Ties to Daevite culture are later identified via cross-reference of tattoos found on the heads, and this document is subsequently updated with relevant findings from Daevite sources known to the Foundation.

Addendum 392-1:  SCP-392 instances planted at Kyoto was conducted during the Pacific War, as part of a ritual to pray for national prosperity. Those specimens originated from a single SCP-392 seed, which was among the gifts from Emperor Yang of the Sui Dynasty in response to tribute sent by Japanese envoys. This practice originated from a description of SCP-392 by the envoy Ono no Imoko, alleging it to be a symbol of prosperity only found in the households of nobility.

Addendum 392-2:  Due to the mention of the Sui Dynasty and confirmation of Daevite involvement, a copy of A History of China altered by SCP-140 to include Daevite-Chinese interactions was consulted for additional information.

The book mentioned SCP-392 as one of the items looted from captured Daevite cities by Chinese soldiers as early as the Warring States period (c. 475 BCE – 221 BCE). SCP-392 would be cultivated by these soldiers, who harvested and skinned the heads. The skulls would then be passed off as executed enemy combatants and presented to officials in exchange for promotion and other rewards (e.g. peerage titles, lands, slaves).

The descendants of many clans involved in SCP-392 cultivation gained prominent positions in various Chinese dynasties, up to the imperial families of various dynasties. See Document 392-Su for more information on the topic.

Addendum 392-371:  Specialised Containment Proposal  Project YIN-YANG (Subcategory: Argus-100)4

The following proposal consists of a cross-test between SCP-392 and SCP-2733. Usage of SCP-392 and SCP-2733 circumnavigate ethical issues regarding the use of a live human, and long-term maintenance of a live observer. Said cross-test consists of the following phases:

One D-class personnel will be involved in the tending of SCP-392 for a period of one month, and will not be involved in other SCP projects. This is to facilitate priming.
Said personnel will then be instructed to open SCP-2733 while thinking of SCP-392. Due to SCP-2733's anomalous effects, it is hypothesised that a head will manifest.
SCP-2733 will be kept opened for a test period of one year to examine long-term survival of the head.


If long-term survival of the head is possible, further application under Project YIN-YANG (Subcategory: Argus-100) will be considered.

Footnotes
SCP-3399 for other plant species created via Daevite thaumaturgy.
2. Dr. █████ speculates that tolerance of SCP-392 cultivation might be attributed to the decentralised model of Daevite polities in the form of the city-state and absolute power wielded by matriarchs in these city-states c. 800 BCE. See Shifts within Daevite civilisation for more information.
3. Notably, the leading figures of the Waq clan in those regions were stated to be of partial human descent and supposedly ostracised by conventional Daevite clans. The ostracisation is speculated to be a significant factor towards the Waq clan's decline c. 300 BCE due to wars with the Qin state.
DATA EXPUNGED] under controlled settings. As such, only approved Safe-class anomalies will be utilised.  denotes experimental containment strategies against anomalies requiring visual perception to remain inactive.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                species
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            29 Jul 2017 17:15
            
            Edit
+88)
Tags
Discuss (39)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            CCS Related
                      
              Malkavian guide to CCS life
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Vanguard Rider
                      
              CARDFIGHT!! Vanguard English Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Electromagnetic (Hyper)Sensitivity
                      
              Causes of Electro Smog, EMF and Wireless Devices
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Το Ίδρυμα SCP
                      
              Ελληνόφωνος Κλάδος
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

