                        


Item #:  SCP-628

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-628 is contained in Bio Research Site-104, built on-site at █████ ██ ███████. The perimeter of its containment is to be clearly marked by a circle of 3-m wire fence no less than 1km from the edge of the copse. Non-Class-D personnel are not to enter the perimeter without appropriate hearing protection and seismic sensors. Protective gear sufficient for all personnel on-site must be available at all times. All structures on-site, and especially the listening post constructed just outside the perimeter fence, must conform to the stringent earthquake- and wind-proofing building codes laid out in Document 628-03.

Personnel assigned to Site-104 should preferably be selected for a low absolute threshold of hearing. All newly-assigned personnel should be briefed on the visual and emotional effects of infrasound. A brief training course on distinguishing these effects from normal human affect is to be made available on-site.

The weather at Site-104 must be monitored carefully. In the event of a sudden increase in wind speed, the presiding researcher is to be notified. In the event that any winds in excess of 50km/hr are observed, all personnel are to evacuate to Site-104's soundproofed shelters. Observation may be continued via ground sensors, remote drones, or D-class personnel.

Botanical personnel stationed at Site-104 are to monitor SCP-628 and maintain it in good health. Regular consultation with MTF Theta-4 () has been scheduled for this purpose.

Description:  Above the soil surface, SCP-628 consists of a copse of 31 large, hollow American sycamore (Platanus occidentalis) trees, with trunks from 224 to 455m in diameter and completely hollow. Above ground, the trees never produce leaves, flowers, or fruit, although their bark is photosynthetic in summer (as is typical for P. occidentalis). The individual trunks are designated SCP-628-1 through -31.

All major aboveground trunks have at some point been broken off; their truncated ends serve as openings to the trees' shared internal cavity. Each member of SCP-628 is oriented geographically such that the prevailing winds at the site tend to blow directly across these openings, producing considerable Helmholtz resonance. Observation by remote camera has revealed contractile structures superficially resembling animal sphincters, located at numerous points inside SCP-628's trunks and branches, each capable of restricting or blocking airflow to a particular large branch.

The trunks' internal diameters and wood structures differ enough that each resonance chamber thus created, when sealed off from the others and subjected to sufficient wind, produces a different pitch. On average, each tree has 3 resonance chambers; the copse can produce 93 notes in total. Its tonal range is equivalent to that of a pipe organ, although much of it lies in the low bass and infrasound. The notes correspond to a Western chromatic scale.

SCP-628 is capable of isolating any given resonance chamber within 0.2 seconds, quickly enough to play recognizable music. Under sufficiently windy conditions, it does so spontaneously. The copse's repertoire includes numerous works composed for pipe organ between 1366 and 1898, as well as a number (██ recorded to date) of previously unknown compositions. Level-2 personnel and above may refer to Site-104's database for recordings of ██ .

The sounds produced by SCP-628 are not anomalous beyond their origin. Ordinary infrasound, however, has been shown to cause feelings of fear, awe, sorrow, anxiety, and disorientation. Sound waves at or very near 18Hz, the resonant frequency of the human eye, can also produce simple optical illusions. Since the sound is only audible under ideal conditions, exposed personnel frequently ascribe supernatural causes to these sensations.

Incident 628-023:  On 04/04/20██, as part of an approved test overseen by Dr. O█████ G████, 2 D-class personnel equipped with chainsaws attempted to harvest SCP-628-8. Approximately at the moment of contact between the chainsaw blade and the item's bark, the local wind speed began increasing, from 9. While it remained active, personnel across Site-104 experienced affective and physical disturbances consistent with the effects of high-decibel infrasound. On-site seismometers recorded the equivalent of a Richter magnitude 0.63 earthquake.

Anomalous weather activity persisted for 3 minutes 31 seconds, exactly the duration of the fugue being played. Wind speed and cloud cover quickly returned to normal once the piece concluded.

In accordance with containment protocols, experimentation had been suspended shortly after confirmation of anomalous weather activity; SCP-628-8's trunk had been almost halfway severed at that point. When Dr. G████ and the research team returned to SCP-628-8 five hours later, however, they observed that the damage to the item's trunk had begun to heal; its bark and wood tissues closed smoothly from both sides of the wound in a manner inconsistent with known patterns of plant growth.

Incident 628-024:  On 05/04/20██, events substantially similar to those reported in Incident 628-023 occurred, with the significant difference that SCP-628-8's trunk, which had healed entirely in the intervening hours, was completely severed before evacuation. The item was partially toppled in the wind before being caught in the branches of its neighbor, SCP-628-15. The damage to SCP-628-8's trunk healed entirely over the following 24 hours, although the item did not right itself in the process. No scar was produced, but [DATA EXPUNGED] tension wood of considerable interest to the presiding researcher.

Dr. G████ was reprimanded for recklessness.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                self-repairing
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 01:27
            
            Edit
+138)
Tags
Discuss (18)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Oracle Database
                      
              All things oracle...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CUNEF Group C2
                      
              For Your Work, Opinions and Discoveries!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fondazione SCP
                      
              Branca Italiana della SCP Foundation
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AQW
                      
              AQWorlds Wiki
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

