                        




Artistic rendition of SCP-3456 as depicted by survivor James Terrence.



Item #:  SCP-3456

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3456 is currently uncontained; all attempts to contain or neutralize it have failed. Research into methods for containment are ongoing. Personnel who observe the entity are to be treated with Class G amnestics, and must be located with at least one freshwater stream, river, or lake within 1km of the treatment facility. All historical references to SCP-3456 are to be removed and/or attributed to myth, shell-shock, PTSD, and hysteria. Reports regarding loss of life and damage as a result of SCP-3456 incidents should be scrubbed of all references to the anomaly, and replaced with narratives involving military conflict, natural, or man-made disasters.

Regions in which SCP-3456 are likely to appear are to be monitored regularly. Personnel are to be deployed to aid evacuation efforts in the event of an incident. Direct observation of SCP-3456 should be avoided.

Description:  SCP-3456 are a group of quadrupeds resembling horses and other equines. Individual instances deviate significantly from other equines, particularly due to the lack of hair, presence of three-toed hooves, thick transluscent skin, and either single or multiple human torsos fused to its back in addition to the normal equine head attached to the horse's body.

Each torso has a pair of arms and a head attached, where the arm-span reaches twice the height of the entity itself,1 and end in 5 sharpened, protruding bone digits in place of human fingers. In most instances, SCP-3456 possesses a hole where the human nose is normally located, and is capable of emitting high-pitched screams up to 110 decibels in intensity. The size of each SCP-3456 instance varies, with the largest recorded manifestation reaching 30m in length. SCP-3456 instances, thus far, have proven to be impervious to conventional weapons.

Instances materialize near the sites of war, terrorist attacks, and natural disasters. Multiple manifestations may occur depending on the scale of the event, as indicated by the entity's materialization during numerous historical events throughout the 19th, 20th, and 21st centuries. SCP-3456 instances display high levels of adaptive intelligence during incidents, often engineering situations to trap or torture their targets.2 Due to this, it is currently theorized that SCP-3456 may be sapient.

Direct observation of SCP-3456 by an individual will result in the entity becoming aware of the observer, at which point it will display directional awareness of said individuals at all times. SCP-3456 manifestations are known to engage in predatory and stalking behavior, utilizing the environment to conceal and camouflage themselves. Survivors of such behavior report that the entity will manipulate, and follow its targets, pursuing them well beyond the site of initial manifestation (See Incident Log I-3456-032).4 What happens to subjects taken by SCP-3456 is currently not known. Should SCP-3456 be incapable of collecting a sufficient number of subjects, it will continually materialize near individuals who have observed it before, until it is able to capture them.

SCP-3456 is either unwilling to cross, or incapable of crossing, bodies of fresh water. This was initially discovered by Foundation plants within Basrah, Iraq, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. Foundation agents were forced into rapid retreat across the Tigris river by three SCP-3456 manifestations, at which time they discovered that the instances either could not or would not set foot onto the bridge. How and why SCP-3456 is unable to cross such geographic boundaries is currently unknown.

ATTEMPTEDCREDENTIALS

CREDENTIALSGRANTED.


The following section contains journal entries from Dave Harkand, an infantryman in the British Expeditionary Force during World War I. This journal describes several SCP-3456 sightings over the course of The Battle of the Somme.



June 27th, 1916

Finally arrived at the front! I picked up this little journal while I was in Paris, figured I might as well keep record of my heroics on the battlefield. Quite chuffed to finally be in action, though it seems I'm the only one. Most of these blokes have been fighting for a couple months now, and they look downright dreadful. Mud all over the uniform, and their faces are so pale, look like they haven't eaten or slept for months. Commanding officer is rather shit hot5 for battle, it's quite admirable.
附加记录：    



July 2nd, 1916

Woke in the early hours of the morning. Ground was shaking, damn near shook me out into the muck on the dugout floor. Poor blokes in the bunks on the other side looked liked they had seen a ghoul. Pair of Northern Irish lads from Kitchener’s Armies if I remember right. Kept muttering about a Nuckatee? Must be some Mick6 thing. Were both gripping a gold crucifix. Was about to lay my head back down and get a wink of shuteye when I ended up scrambling into the mud. Loudest damn thing I'd ever heard. Thought it was the Hun Artillery bout to mark us with a whizz-bang, only problem was, never did get the bang. This morning asked our brass hat about the Artillery barrage. Gave me a funny look, and asked what the bloody hell I was talking about.
附加记录：    



July 2nd 1916

We went looking for the dud that must have come down last night. Didn't find it, but found something even the amen wallah7 probably can't explain. Strangest looking crater I've ever seen, was shaped like a giant hoof.
附加记录：    



July 3rd, 1916

Huns made a push today, first time they've moved in our region. First time I'd ever seen combat. It's not romantic and adventurous. It's terrifying, and deadly. My hands can't stop shaking, already messed up the chit8 once. The Huns had our outfit up against a wall, damn near overran us, didn't help that it rained the night before making our fox hole filled to the brim with muck. One of the Fritz came right at meI put one right between his eyes. Fell right at the edge of the trench, and had to look him in the eyes, poor lad couldn't have been more than 17 or 18.

Martin, one of those Irish lads, is gone. Was unlike anything I'd ever seen, one moment he's standing shooting at the Huns, all of the sudden, the mud starts boiling. Fore anyone can react, Mud just flies everywhere, everyone else is suddenly knocked down off their feet. I look up, the wanker's just gone. Wasn't even body parts left. Haven't told anyonebut I'd swear that there was bones coming up from underneath him right before the mud went flying. His mate, Brendan, was digging in the mud for hours, looking for the crucifix.
附加记录：    



July 14th  15th, 1916

Huns tried to push this morning in the rain. I was in the machine gun nest with Brendan, the other Irish chap in my unit. They kept coming and coming, and getting stuck in the mud, and I just kept shooting.

Sun is rising. I'm on watch till 8, at least that's what the Brasshat said. I've started losing track of how much times been passing. There's something out there. Something lurking out in the mud and dead Huns. Nearly dozed off last night, listening to the moans of the blighty wounded stuck out in No-man's land. Poor bastards got left behind. Saw something out of the edge of my vision, something big. Couldn't quite make it out, it was much darker than usual, overcast sky was obscuring the full moon. Heard a couple of screams, but whatever it was was gone before my flare hit the sky.
附加记录：    



July 30th, 1916

I've been seeing them at the edge of my vision, ever since that first night. They're huge, but they move so damn fast that they're gone before I can get a clear look. Or at least, that's how it was mucking out until today. Thick fog and mist rolled in this morning, blanketed everything. We figured the Huns might use it to launch another push. Bastards have been pushing non-stop since the 20th. Saw it, through the fog, looked like a shadow, hiding in the mist. Some sort of Horse like creature, with a something dragging along the ground, and a giant lump where the rider would situntil they started squirming. I'll never forget the noise it made. Louder than a banshee, shrill and twisted.

It looked right at me. Two pairs of red glowing orbs.
附加记录：    



August 5th

Brendan calls them Nuckelavees. Won't tell me much more than that. Beginning to understand why all these blokes looked so terrified when I first arrived.
附加记录：    



August 13th

Bloody hell. Bloody hell. They're nightmares. Been on watch two nights in a row, one justthing on its back. It smiled.
附加记录：    



August 17th 1916

Been assigned night watch the past four nights straight. Tried to tell the brass hat about the nuckelavees. Didn't believe me. Said it was the shell shock playing with my head. Had to put a sock in it, and keep on.

It keeps coming back. Every night. Same spot, 20 feet in front of me. Picks up wounded Jerry's, turns and looksand then it's gone. It's playing with me, I'm sure of it. Last night there was another one too. Four of those things on its back, did the same damn thing.
附加记录：    



7:00A.M. August 20th 1916

Jerry's made a big push yesterday. Rained two days ago, all day, so the muck was deep. We were on the machinegun again in the pillbox. So many of them in no-man's land last night, couldn't tell the dead from the living. Haven't slept in six days. There were five tonight. Three of them had more than one of thosedropped something. Saw it shine in the flare light.

10:00A.M. August 20th 1916

Went out into the mud where it appears every night. Found Martin's crucifix and tin hat.
附加记录：    



August 20th 1916

They're getting bold, saw one out in broad daylight. Pretty sure it was the same one. Buried itself in the mud, just lying therewaiting.

We're going over the top at three. There are more out there nowgod help us.
附加记录：    

Official records show that Dave Harkand was declared MIA on August 20th, following a failed British counterattack against the German trenches. Additional queries have revealed that one Brendan O'Malley within the same unit was also reported MIA on the same date. Harkand's Journal was found 20 feet from the edge of the German trenches, two months after he disappeared.




Incident Log I-3456-032

Footnotes
1. Which causes these appendages to drag along the ground during the entity's movements.
2. Common tactics include ambushes, luring, property destruction, and psychological manipulation.
3. Such individuals describe SCP-3456 , in close proximity to where they were concealed, for hours before appearing to give up, only to return once they had emerged from their place of refuge.
4. The conditions and exact number of people SCP-3456 requires to reach satisfaction are unknown, and appear to vary between individual appearances.
5. British slang for overly enthusiastic.
6. British slur for the Irish.
7. British Military slang for a Chaplain.
8. British slang for paper.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~



Moreauthor

Hidelist
    



SCPs


SCP-3456
Rating: 387


SCP-3700
Rating: 252


SCP-2491
Rating: 194


SCP-3728
Rating: 116


SCP-3703
Rating: 111


SCP-4700
Rating: 109


SCP-2946
Rating: 107


SCP-2497
Rating: 98


SCP-3710
Rating: 79


SCP-3702
Rating: 76


SCP-1347-1353-J
Rating: 69


SCP-3706
Rating: 66


SCP-2546
Rating: 63


SCP-2378
Rating: 60


SCP-2431
Rating: 41


SCP-3711
Rating: 33


SCP-2381
Rating: 23



    
    
    
        



Tales


All in All You're Just A 'Nother Brick in the Wall
Rating: 40


The Seas of Orcadia Part 1: How I Met Your Mither
Rating: 36


The Coming Nightmare
Rating: 18



    
    
    
    


With other authors


Page 
Author 


SCP-3500
Rimple














                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 23:13
            
            Edit
+387)
Tags
Discuss (53)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            PassatB5
                      
              Do It Yourself information for Passat Repair!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Therafim RPG
                      
              Epic Destiny Awaits
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sistemas Digitales
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Champions Ashes
                      
              The Official Wiki For Dark Souls III: Champions Ashes
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

