                        


Item №:  SCP-4977

Anomaly Class:  Debated

Special Containment Procedures:  The friends and relatives of William Kleiger have been administered amnestics and relocated to avoid a resurgence of related memories. Site-17 is being monitored for further anomalous activity, but none has yet been found. Further details of oneiric anomalies are to be forwarded immediately to the SCP-4977 research team.

The Overseer Council are currently debating the nature of threat and level of risk (if any) that SCP-4977 represents. The possibility that SCP-4977 is a Thaumiel-class anomaly cannot be discounted.



Site-17, last known location of William Kleiger



Description:  SCP-4977 were a series of nightmares had by William Kleiger between the ages of twelve and fourteen. The details of SCP-4977 have only been obtainable from Kleiger's journals, but it appears that each instance involved him living out the following day according to the will of some unknown entity  the level of prescience displayed is unknown, but it was provably higher than the predictive capacity of non-anomalous humans. In most cases known, Kleiger then attempted to encourage the events of SCP-4977 in the real world, most likely out of fear of what would happen if he did not.

The first recorded instance of SCP-4977 occurred on 1978-06-12, and caused Kleiger to permanently leave his family home  based on the journal entries from that time, it is believed SCP-4977 initially began around two weeks earlier. In the following two years Kleiger would make his way 250 kilometres north-west, subsisting on food and drink stolen from both individuals and establishments (aided in part by SCP-4977). His mental and physical wellbeing both declined significantly, and although search parties were formed multiple times, they were fully evaded by Kleiger in all cases.

SCP-4977 eventually concluded on 1980-02-04, when Kleiger arrived at, and successfully entered, Foundation Site 17. A log of the event is included below.


Site-17 Security Footage [1980-02-04] 

Entity of interest:  
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 

03:54:  Kleiger enters the view of the camera.

03:55:  He proceeds to move down the corridor, pausing briefly outside the door of each containment chamber. Multiple times, he glances behind him and appears to count the number of doors.

03:57:  He stops outside the seventh door, and places his backpack on the ground, which he then unzips.

03:59:  He removes a number of items from the bag, including food, bottles of water, a journal, and several items of clothing. He opens the journal and thumbs through it.

04:01:  He stands up, and enters a code in the chamber door keypad.

04:02:  The door begins to slide open. It moves slowly, and it is several seconds before it is opened wide enough for a person to enter.

04:04:  An unidentified entity, designated AE-4977-1, exits the chamber. It is the size of a small child, and consists of mottled grey material packed around some form of rigid skeleton in a vaguely humanoid shape. Its features are unclear, but it appears to be wearing denim trousers, a stained T-shirt, and a baseball cap.

04:07:  AE-4977-1 leaves the camera's view. Kleiger turns to watch it.

04:07:  Kleiger enters the containment chamber, leaving his backpack and its contents outside.

04:08:  The door to the chamber closes.

 


AE-4977-1 has not been observed since this incident, and extensive research by the Records And Information Security Administration has revealed that it has never had any formal or informal presence on any Foundation database. All Site-17 staff were found asleep at their posts following the incident, but have not been reprimanded, pending further investigation into SCP-4977.

Notably, the containment chamber visible in the security footage does not exist; its construction was originally planned, but cancelled to make room for a recreational courtyard. SCP-4977 have not since manifested in any other person. The fate of William Kleiger is unknown.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 22:54
            
            Edit
+80)
Tags
Discuss (3)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Retro Legends
                      
              The Definitive Database for Retro Gamers
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            无尽长廊
                      
              行于廊屋，游于万物
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Machinima 138
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            My Heaven Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

