                        



Item #:  SCP-2807

Object Class:  Safe
Special Containment Procedures:  Containment is focused on controlling access to SCP-2807. Due to its useful effects, Site-04 has been converted to a medical site.






Bring my living brothers to me.



Site-04 is to be cordoned off for a 3km radius and have limited access as a sacred area and archaeological dig. Site-04 encompasses SCP-2807.






This land has been consecrated with the blood of my brothers. Allow no one access.



Access to SCP-2807 is limited to D-class personnel. D-class personnel with medical training should permanently staff the facility. If Foundation personnel lacking these qualifiers enter SCP-2807, they should be immediately stripped of their clearance and reclassified as D-class.






My home is a sanctuary for them. Outsiders are not welcome.



Description:  SCP-2807 is located in Eastern Turkey, near the ancient ruined city of Ani.

SCP-2807 refers to Site-04 in its entirety except for the control center, which exists separately from the rest of site. SCP-2807 refers to a previously abandoned Foundation storage facility, estimated to be more than 200 years old, and most likely abandoned after the [REDACTED] event. Despite several breach attempts, the storage facilities inside remained intact. SCP-1215 and several archives were recovered.






You dragged us from our homes, our children, and our wives, with no cause. To be used in your sick experiments.



SCP-2807's effects were initially noted in the D-Class recovery wing - analysis of medical statistics across Foundation sites indicated that grievously injured (4 - 6 on the Abbreviated Injury Scale) D-class recovered ███% more often than projected, even when controlling other factors. Several D-class were also recovered from injuries previously thought to be lethal. However, such medical anomalies only occur in D-class on site - treatment for other Foundation personnel remains within standard boundaries.






A testament to the power left here as a result of the atrocities you committed. Do not allow it to be used against you.




+Required

-Authenticated


Item #:  SCP-2807

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Foundation personnel without Level 4 clearance or higher should be redirected to the incomplete document. It is believed that SCP-2807 cannot access information with a clearance above Level 3.

SCP-2807 requires at least 300 D-class in varying states of injury at all times. Source of injury must come from testing or accident - the anomaly can differentiate between injuries deliberately caused and those from testing.

Site-04 is to be cordoned off for a 3km radius and have limited access as a sacred area and archaeological dig. Site-04 encompasses SCP-2807. [UNAUTHORIZED EDITS REMOVED]

Access to SCP-2807 is limited to D-class personnel. Wings -7 through 14, -19, and -21 have been walled off. Access to these wings is strictly prohibited, except in the case of an 2807-Golf event. D-class personnel with medical training should permanently staff the facility. In the event Foundation personnel lacking these qualifiers enter SCP-2807, they should be immediately stripped of their clearance and reclassified as D-class. [UNAUTHORIZED EDITS REMOVED]

1 must enter Wing -19, and one D-class elevated to their position.

One copy of this document must remain in a server at Site-04 at all times, and re-examined weekly for any possible changes.

Description:  SCP-2807 is located in Eastern Turkey, near the ancient ruined city of Ani.

SCP-2807 refers to the malicious entity that has manifested in Site-04, as a result of previous activities undertaken by the Foundation prior to [DATA EXPUNGED]. This entity possesses knowledge of Foundation security practices and can directly influence D-class. D-class have been supplied with network usernames and passwords, door passcodes, Foundation identity cards and [REDACTED], believed to be a result of effects of SCP-2807. The anomaly also has the ability to alter Foundation documents, but does not appear to have access to documents cleared above Level 3. The anomaly appears to be mollified by the presence of D-class, especially injured D-class.

Site-04 refers to a previously abandoned Foundation storageand destruction attempts, the storage facilities inside remained intact. SCP-████ and several archives were recovered. [UNAUTHORIZED EDITS REMOVED]

Archaeological analysis and documentation acquired prior to the sealing of several of Site-04's wings has revealed the function and history of Site-04 prior to its reactivation. See Document 2807-2 - Historical Information.

SCP-2807's effects were initially noted in the D-Class recovery wing - analysis of medical statistics across Foundation sites indicated that grievously injured (4 - 6 on the Abbreviated Injury Scale) D-class recovered ███% more often than projected, even when controlling other factors. Several D-class were also recovered from injuries previously thought to be lethal. However, such medical anomalies only occur in D-class on site - treatment for other Foundation personnel remains within standard boundaries. See Table 2807-1 for list of possibly anomalous recoveries. [UNAUTHORIZED EDITS REMOVED]




+Required

-Authenticated


Some fragments of Foundation records were recovered from the sealed wings.



.
附加记录：    




附加记录：    




附加记录：    

Aside from Foundation records, several notes, likely made by D-class occupants, were found either in hidden notebooks or in graffiti carved into cell and holding chamber walls.



A woman hugged me and cried today. I do not understand why.
附加记录：    



Everything I knew was wrong - everything I was told was a lie.
附加记录：    



I thought I saw hell at Borodino, but at least I understood what happened there. This defies explanation. Barbarism knows no bounds.
附加记录：    



I can't can't remember my name. Who am I? Why is this happening?
附加记录：    



Walls are windows. They can see everything.
附加记录：    



I've been here six and thirty weeks. There is no end in sight. Meredith, if you find this, know that I never stopped loving you.
附加记录：    



I'm not getting out. I know that much. They'll shoot us dead or feed us to that thing before we make it out. Maybe someone might find this in the future, so that this never has to happen again, and if whatever monsters keep us here try to cover this up, this will stand as proof. My name is Francis Bright, I am - or at least was - a Union surgeon in the civil war between the northern and southern states in the United States of America. I was captured in the aftermath of the battle outside Chickamauga. From there, I was sent to the Andersonville prison. There, I was starved, sickened, and I witnessed the death of many of my comrades in arms from scurvy and dysentery. Our water supply was frequently filled with human waste.

From there, I was shipped across the ocean to this godforsaken place. In Andersonville - as hellish as it was - the problems were ones of logistics. The rebels were out of food, so we had nothing to eat. Our suffering was caused by lack of supply and incompetence, not malice. Here - the facilities are clean, there's plenty to eat - but they choose not to utilize that to our benefit. The guards and staff are well-fed, but we get a small piece of bread, and small amount of water per day. Prisoners that get sick are only treated if they feel it necessary. There are eight of us per room in rooms hardly fit for two. We fall asleep every night and wake every morning to the sound of human suffering. There are no natural light sources - we can hardly tell from one day to the next. They'll take ten prisoners, kill two, and grind them into paste. They'll take the other eight and torture and beat them into submission. Sometimes, people go into these torture sessions - and come out different. Like they forgot who they were, what this is, and what kind of hell they're living in. They're usually pretty quickly moved away from the site too. This place was made to break us. For what purpose, I do not know.

Anyone that tries to stand up to them is swiftly whisked away, never to be seen again. I don't know what's going on here, or why, and I don't think I'm going to get the opportunity to do so anytime soon. I'll try to keep adding more to this note - but I may be killed or changed without warning. If you find this note - please, stop whoever is doing this. If they are gone, make sure this never happens again.
附加记录：    




Footnotes
1. Although all Foundation personnel of this rank are by definition essential, it is a necessary sacrifice to prevent an EK-class Foundation collapse scenario.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            23 Dec 2017 00:24
            
            Edit
+53)
Tags
Discuss (18)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Snow Leopard Compatibility
                      
              Which apps work with Mac OS X 10.6?
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            zeromq
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Raven Marches
                      
              OpenRPG Dungeons and Dragons 3.5
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Icon Deposit
                      
              Design.Tutorials.Freebies
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

