                        


Item #:  SCP-3901

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Any accounts that fit the description of an encounter with SCP-3901 are to be investigated by field agents immediately. Civilians targeted by SCP-3901 will need to be debriefed, undergo Procedure Zara-22, and be amnestitized before being released. Capture of SCP-3901 using standard anti-intangant acquisition methods is Priority-Delta. SCP-3901 has yet to be recorded on digital video or photographed, but its voice has been captured on audio during observations.

Research Outpost-3901 is to be situated near proximity of SCP-3901's grave site under the guise of an isolated family farmhouse. Continuous seismic and audio monitoring of SCP-3901's grave site is required until permanent containment is possible. Any new bodies detected underground at the site will need to be exhumed from SCP-3901's coffin.

Description:  Based on eyewitness accounts, SCP-3901 is an entity that takes on the appearance of a mummified human female corpse with long hair and wearing only a men's dress shirt. It is theorized that SCP-3901 is sapient but frequently suffers from acute memory loss based on its behavior.

SCP-3901 displays a selection process of targeting single male individuals who regularly sleep alone. SCP-3901 will then regularly manifest within the bedroom and enter the target's bed. Once in the bed, SCP-3901 will typically lay in a supine position or a fetal position facing the target, in some cases embracing the target from behind in a seemingly affectionate manner. SCP-3901 always exercises caution in not waking the target, but has been reported to touch the target's face gently in rare instances. SCP-3901 will usually vanish once the target wakes.

The purpose of this behavior is largely unknown, but has generally not resulted in hostility towards the target unless SCP-3901 reacts extremely negatively toward Procedure Zara-22. Typically, this behavior will continue for about a month before SCP-3901 begins to actively communicate with the target. Most of these conversations tend to be one-sided, with any responses towards SCP-3901 being seemingly ignored. Below are a few selected responses from SCP-3901 that were recorded during observation sessions conducted by field researchers.






















附加记录：    

[LEVEL-2REQUIRED]

[ACCESSGRANTED]




Photograph on file for SCP-3901, circa 1973.



Addendum-3901-001:  SCP-3901 is believed to be an entity previously known as Ms. Rachel Parks. According to local police reports, Ms. Parks was reported missing after a hiking trip and likely died shortly thereafter in September, 1973 from exposure. The partially naked corpse was discovered the following spring, though it was badly decayed making identification difficult. Afterwards the body was transported back to her family in Kansas, USA to be buried in its current location.

Interviews with family and friends of Ms. Parks stated that she had an ongoing conflict with her roommate at the time, over an estranged boyfriend. Foul play was ruled out by the detective supervising the case when it closed after the examination of the body.




[LEVEL-3REQUIRED]

[ACCESSGRANTED]


Addendum-3901-002:  Procedure Zara-22 is a protocol that has had limited success in field trials but is the only known method that has been able to deter SCP-3901's interest from a victim. Field agents administering Procedure Zara-22 are to have a 4x6 photograph of Ms. Valerie Jameson, Ms. Parks roommate at the time, displayed somewhere in plain sight of the affected bedroom.

In 78% of cases, SCP-3901 immediately departed upon viewing the photo. 22% have invoked a passive-aggressive conversation from SCP-3901 itself with a small percentage resulting into eventual hostile aggression against the victim where they are suddenly transferred under SCP-3901's grave site. Should hostile aggression be suspected, agents are given permission to intervene and attempt to extract the victim to prevent an incident.

Below are some recorded responses from SCP-3901 in reaction to Procedure Zara-22 which are a stark contrast to most recorded responses:




















附加记录：    

The following responses are the more assertive responses from SCP-3901 shortly after transferring the victim:














附加记录：    

















                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                teleportation
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 18:20
            
            Edit
+127)
Tags
Discuss (27)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Vakfı Sandbox
                      
              Atış poligonu
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Shadowrun: Denver
                      
              Complicated Shadows
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fondation NSB
                      
              Branche non-officielle de nico_s_Block
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wanderers Library Sandbox
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

