                        


Item #:  SCP-1245

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Mobile Task Force Zeta-4, , are currently tracking SCP-1245's movements aboard the Foundation ship SCPS Archimedes. The Archimedes is disguised as a destroyer from the US Navy, allegedly pursuing illegal whalers. Local naval officials are to be informed of the presence of illegal whalers in the area and reroute commercial and private traffic accordingly.

SCP-1245 is currently located at Site-412, an abandoned harbour located in ███████, ████████████. The harbor's entrance has been blocked by stone, preventing escape. SCP-1245 is to remain anchored to the harbor bed at all times. Chains and anchors are to be inspected every week for signs of damage and repaired accordingly. Foundation ship SCPS Archimedes is to patrol the harbor's entrance at all times and deter unauthorized craft under the pretense of naval training exercises.

Description:  SCP-1245 is a ███████-model factory whaling ship, approximately 120 meters in length. Nameplates and numbers are missing and are believed to have been removed prior to acquisition. SCP-1245 appears to be autonomous; it has been seen pursuing whales and incapacitating them via cannon-mounted harpoons (see Observation Log 1245-████-██ for video footage) before dragging them into SCP-1245. No crew members have been observed anywhere inside SCP-1245. SCP-1245 has been observed hunting and processing a wide variety of cetaceans, including stock not usually hunted by whalers. Unusual specimens gathered by SCP-1245 include dolphins (family Delphinidae), orca whales (Orcinus orca), beaked whales (family Ziphiidae), and narwhals and belugas (family Monodontidae).

The majority of SCP-1245's internal structure is taken up by a central  several of these appear to be significantly altered from their original specifications. These include automated assembly lines built from ligaments and muscles, an on-board crane composed from vertebrae and ribs, a secondary rudder composed of baleen and bone, and a communications deck, with several intact whale brains connected to a central radio.

Rotting or decaying parts are replaced with new components as new whale specimens are acquired and processed. Material is moved throughout the ship via a series of tubes composed from steel pipes and intestines. Significantly, the ship's engine has been heavily modified to burn whale oil and spermaceti, making the ship largely self-sufficient.

The corpses of several infant whales in varying stages of decomposition adorn the prow of SCP-1245. These are believed to be trophies, collected during assaults on whale pods.

SCP-1245 first came to the Foundation's attention on ██/██/████, after several  sightings occurred off the coast of southern Australia, followed by a marked decline in local cetacean populations. Incident Log 1245-043 for more information pertaining to containment revision.

On ████/██/██, SCP-1245 was successfully lured into ████████ Harbour by playing a pre-recorded whale song, and restrained by Mobile Task Force Zeta-4 in  (see Incident Log 1245-044 for full details and casualty report). ████████ Harbour was subsequently secured and renovated by Foundation staff, and was re-christened Site-412.

Addendum 1245:  On ██/███/████, Archivist ██████████ discovered that the whaling ship Southern Star, a whaling ship of the same model as SCP-1245, disappeared and was deemed  in 1940.

Addendum 1245-2:  On ██/██/████, SCP-1245 transmitted a message in Morse code to staff at Site-412. Grammar, spelling, and punctuation remain identical.



WHALE WHALE NOW CUT THE SOFTNESS OF HOT MEAT, HARPOON WHALE WHALE WHALE, REPAIR OF THE HULL, DEPRIVE THEIR BODIES OF THOUGHT AND LIFE, BLUE GREY CACHALOT RIGHT REPAIR OF THE HUL [sic] THE KNIVES ARE TO DO THEIR IMPORTANT JOBS HARPOON HOOK CUT WHALE WHALE WHALE GIVE NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW NOW
附加记录：    

This message was repeated twenty-seven times before SCP-1245 ceased transmission. As of ████/██/██ SCP-1245 has not released any further messages and does not respond to any messages sent by the Foundation.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                vehicle
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 09:55
            
            Edit
+202)
Tags
Discuss (68)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot URL shortener
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sandbox SCP L. Alex
                      
              Et northographe !
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Billy Vs. SNAKEMAN Wiki
                      
              Be the Ultimate Ninja.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Never Lands
                      
              Never Lands
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

