                        


Item #:  SCP-4719

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Site-152 personnel who encounter SCP-4719 are to document the time and place of the encounter, accept any non-threatening  that are offered, and submit these objects to Dr. Agnes for review. SCP-4719 is otherwise allowed to roam Site-152 at its leisure, in part because there has thus far been no successful attempt to contain SCP-4719.

SCP-4719 does pose a tripping hazard and is considered fragile, so all on-site personnel are encouraged to be more aware of their surroundings, even in generally innocuous locations such as hallways, workstations, restrooms, and lounges. If SCP-4719 is found to be overturned, stuck, or otherwise incapacitated, personnel are allowed to right SCP-4719 onto its wheels. Personnel are also allowed to accept any  that SCP-4719 offers them. Otherwise, interactions with SCP-4719 are discouraged. Any carriages found discarded by SCP-4719 are to be turned in to Dr. Agnes.

The locomotive of SCP-4719 has been fitted with a GPS linked to the local administrative servers, and will trigger a forced text alert to any on-site personnel when they are within 10 meters of SCP-4719. This alert has a unique whistling ringtone to differentiate it from other sounds.

Description:  SCP-4719 refers to a toy train constructed out of oak wood and held together with short steel finishing nails. Rubber bands and cotton twine are not uncommon adornments, and the locomotive and its carriage(s) are coupled together with small steel hooks. SCP-4719 may appear as just a locomotive with no carriages or a maximum observed of 20. These carriages and any cargo do not exceed the dimensions of the locomotive, which are 8 inches long, 4 inches wide, and 6 inches tall.

The locomotive of SCP-4719 is capable of achieving a maximum documented speed of 10 miles per hour, although it will usually travel no faster than a typical walking pace. SCP-4719 is capable of traveling on walls, ceilings, at or below the surface of water, and other non-level surfaces. The 1 meter-long pull string attached to the bow—while usually wrapped around its chimney—is prehensile and SCP-4719 has been observed moving objects out of its path and opening doors with it. SCP-4719 will occasionally detach any carriages it is pulling, although a precise reason for this behavior has not yet been determined. The only way to induce this response is to try and pick up SCP-4719, resulting in SCP-4719 shedding excess carriages and scurrying away.

[SHOW]types

[HIDE]


What follows is a list of known carriages pulled by SCP-4719 and their commonality.


Carriage Type
Notes


Gondola
Common. An open carriage with short walls, often used to carry . These carriages are also known to carry gravel, lumps of coal, or remain empty.


Flat
Common. A flat base sometimes used to carry , but usually contains wooden logs or wooden blocks. Objects are always fastened down with either rubber bands or wool string. Sometimes pegs are in place to help keep objects in place.


Passenger
Common. A stylized wooden block with a flat roof and base. 2 or 3 holes are drilled cleanly through the block as windows.


Tanker 1
Common. A solid octagonal prism attached to a flat base.


Block
Common. A solid wooden block.


Chest
Uncommon. A Gondola-type carriage with a removable lid. Chest-type carriages will always contain a .


Tanker 2
Uncommon. A Tanker-type carriage with 1 or 2 pegs in the roof, which can be removed. The prism is hollow and sometimes contains a liquid that is either pasteurized milk, crude oil, fresh water, or [REDACTED]. The contents of these carriages are not considered .


Flask
Extremely uncommon. An inverted trapezoid on a flat base with a removable core. The contents of the core are considered  and are often solid 6-inch cylinders of aluminum, gold, tungsten, or copper. However, they will sometimes contain more mundane objects, such as a pen or a piece of candy.


Shell
Extremely uncommon. Easily mistaken for a Block-type carriage, these are flat bases with a wooden shell placed over them. These will always contain a .


Caboose
Extremely uncommon. Always found at the end of the train. Resembles a Passenger-type carriage with no windows.


Artillery
Only three known instances. Resembles a centrally-mounted naval turret on a flat base. The armament has an estimated caliber size of 8 millimeters and a barrel length of 40 millimeters. During the second reported instance, ████ █████████ attempted to retrieve the carriage. SCP-4719 stopped moving and aimed the turret at ████ █████████, who decided to leave SCP-4719 alone. The report filed by ████ █████████ mentions a pointed metallic projectile of some kind in the muzzle. The effectiveness of the weapon and composition of the projectile is questionable, but it has been concluded SCP-4719 should be avoided when it is pulling an Artillery-type carriage.


Nuclear Flask
Only one known instance. Resembles a Flask-type carriage, except the flask is made of stainless steel. A  from non-wooden carriages should be refused.


Toxin
Only one known instance. Resembles a Tanker 2-type carriage with a  warning label carved into both sides of the prism. No attempts were made to open or acquire the carriage. The carriage was never seen again.


Foundation
Only one known instance. Resembles a Chest-type carriage with the standard Foundation logo on the lid. ████████ ███████, who encountered SCP-4719, was repeatedly offered to open the container by SCP-4719 but politely—and perhaps wisely—refused to accept. After about 5 minutes of pestering her, SCP-4719 finally gave up and went away. The carriage was sighted again later that same day, but SCP-4719 did not offer it to anyone and no attempt was made to acquire it. The carriage was never seen again.






Behavior:  It is not known if SCP-4719 can feel pain, but it has been known to come under distress. Observed behaviors by SCP-4719 include making a whistling  when it falls on its side, violently thrashing when being restrained, and ramming personnel or objects when cornered. Being comprised almost entirely of wood and lacking any biological mechanisms such as a nervous system or digestive tract, it has been concluded sedating SCP-4719 is impossible. For this reason, along with some ethical concerns, interaction with SCP-4719 is discouraged unless it is initiated by SCP-4719 itself.

SCP-4719 only initiates interactions by pulling up alongside a given individual and offering them  themselves are usually belongings of the individual that had previously been considered lost, although they have also been commonly found to be items the individual craves or desires, and more rarely have been portent.

SCP-4719 has been known to be persistent, and will sometimes encircle or nudge individuals when it has a  to other individuals.

Upon accepting a , SCP-4719 will exhibit the aforementioned assertive behaviors if the wooden materials of its carriages (such as the lid in a Chest-type carriage) are not returned. However, SCP-4719 will not give up. In one experiment, SCP-4719 grew violent, attempting to strangle the gift-taker with its pull string after the lid to one of its Chest-type carriages was not returned after 7 minutes.

SCP-4719 does not appear to hold grudges or have favorites, although individuals who have repeatedly interfered with SCP-4719 without its consent have stopped being offered  before wandering away.

[SHOW]SCP-4719

[HIDE]


What follows is a selected list of .



Notes


A typical pencil, sharpened
Accepted. Individual had been walking across the room to a pencil sharpener when SCP-4719 intercepted them.


Two United States quarters
Accepted. Individual was short on change for a vending machine in the lunch room when SCP-4719 approached them.


House key
Accepted. Individual had just entered the building after arriving at work to start their shift and identified this key as their own. It is not known how SCP-4719 could have acquired this  as it has not been shown to leave the premises of Site-152.


Wedding ring
Refused. Individual was already married. Three months later, they discovered their spouse had been cheating on them.


A blank postcard from San Francisco, California
Accepted. Individual identified their parents lived in the city, but otherwise had no connections to the area. One hour later, they learned that their father had been in a car accident.


A $50 Amazon gift card
Accepted. Individual had been looking for a present for their niece's birthday but  what to get.


A vial of insulin
Accepted. Individual later discovered their nine-year old child had become diabetic.


SCP-2923-01
Accepted. Individual recognized the  trademark on the packaging and immediately turned it in for quarantine. This is a new instance of SCP-2923-01 separate from those contained in Site-11. This incident sparked an investigation to determine if SCP-4719 was a Dr. Wondertainment product, although no connection has been found. The individual maintains no identifying marks were present on the carriage that contained SCP-2923-01.


Two white pawns and one black knight chess pieces
Accepted. These pieces had been missing from the west break room for the past two years.


A human kidney
Accepted. The human kidney was still warm and packaged in a vacuum-sealed plastic baggie. DNA analysis provided inconclusive results. The individual who received the kidney administered themselves for examination, where it was revealed one of their kidneys was in the process of failing. A transplant was performed successfully.


Level-4 Foundation clearance key card
Accepted. The key card belonged to the local Site-152 administrator. This is noteworthy because the administrator was reportedly in a closed meeting when the . In the interim, SCP-4719 would go out of its own way to avoid human interaction.


 the hamster
Accepted.  had been the childhood pet of the individual, and presumed dead for over 30 years. The individual even recalls burying the pet in their backyard. An exhumation of the grave revealed the shoe box Bubbles had been buried in, but the body was missing. Bubbles would go on to live for another year before dying of natural causes.






Unlike SCP-737, SCP-4719 does not appear to  materials. It also does not create its own tunnels. Instead it has been known to traverse Site-152 through the ventilation systems, between walls, down elevator shafts, and other concealed avenues. However, SCP-4719 has also exhibited the ability to vanish and reappear when not directly observed. GPS data has shown SCP-4719 spontaneously traveling as far as 150 meters, even through some classified materials designed explicitly to prevent this kind of traversal. SCP-4719 seems to use this ability when it finds itself trapped, or to enter and leave the containment chamber of SCP-████.

Acquisition:  The first reported sighting of SCP-4719 was 75 days following the containment of SCP-████, leading to the accepted theory that SCP-4719 is a creation of SCP-████. GPS data has shown SCP-4719 spends an inordinate amount of time in the containment chamber of SCP-████. Due to SCP-████'s special containment procedures, monitoring SCP-4719 inside this chamber is impossible. It is presumed here is where SCP-4719 acquires and discards the bulk of its carriages, although this cannot yet be proven. Similarly, what happens to these discarded carriages, and any refused gifts they may contain, is unknown. However, the existence of SCP-4719 does give some insight into the nature of SCP-████, and may be useful in allowing for more direction interaction with SCP-████. Connections between SCP-4719, SCP-████, and SCP-737 are the topic of ongoing investigations.

Attempts to contain SCP-4719 have been impeded by the extent of its teleportation abilities, its apparent degree of sentience, and the ethical concerns behind causing it distress without the ability to sedate it. One experiment involved waiting for SCP-4719 to offer a  to an individual, and then having that individual lure SCP-4719 into a containment chamber with constant surveillance. While successful, after 22 minutes of trying to leave the chamber, SCP-4719 began to convulse in an apparent seizure, forcing an end to the experiment.

However, SCP-4719 has proven not to leave the premises of Site-152, remain not inherently threatening beyond the mild tripping hazard it presents, and is, in some circumstances, helpful to the on-site staff. These factors contribute to SCP-4719's currently relaxed containment procedures. There is currently no plan to capture SCP-4719, and it is doubtful there will ever be one. Termination of SCP-4719 is at this time deemed not necessary. This may change if SCP-4719 bears more hazardous  with greater frequency, or grows consistently hostile towards site personnel.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                wooden
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 22:28
            
            Edit
+98)
Tags
Discuss (13)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Sector Asgard Delta
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            airchair-ultralight-gliders
                      
              Building and flying the Goat and Bug style of airchair ultralight gliders
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Eventide MUSH
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot Extension
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

