                        




SCP-4837 prior to containment.



Item #:  SCP-4837

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4837 is kept in an avian observation deck at Site-64. In the event of a containment breach, recovery agents are to locate SCP-4837 and offer to engage in a trade in exchange for its return to containment.

Description:  SCP-4837 is a European Mallard (Anas platyrhynchos) capable of accessing an extra-dimensional space. SCP-4837 uses this space to store and retrieve objects for trading with human customers.

Typically, it will initiate the trade by telepathically communicating with the desired customer, manifesting as a refined English accented voice using archaic speech. After it has received the desired item, it will move away from the exchange and conceal itself from possible witnesses, returning moments later with another item. Attempts to observe this process have been met with insistence from SCP-4837 that it cannot perform the action while in view.

SCP-4837 has displayed a particular interest in electronics and relevant technology such as smartphones, cameras, televisions, and microwaves. This is in contrast to objects from SCP-4837, all of which have been dated to 600-1100A.D.1 Although there are 74 items received by SCP-4837 currently cataloged, the exact quantity of its hoard is unknown.

Interview Log 4837.1: 

The following interview was conducted with SCP-4837 three days after capture. SCP-4837 agreed to the interview in exchange for a Google Pixel smartphone.



Interviewed:  SCP-4837

Interviewer:  Dr. Leland Hintze

Foreword:  Dr. Hintze was instructed to write down all responses from SCP-4837 during the interview. Improper grammar has been preserved for accuracy.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Dr. Hintze:  Can you tell me where exactly you create your goods?

SCP-4837 is silent.

Dr. Hintze:  SCP-4837? I asked you a question. Where do you obtain your

SCP-4837:  I shall not concede to thine questions! Thou shalt know only of the wrath of Espoderick! Behold and despair, jailer!

Dr. Hintze:  (sighs) I know you made an agreement with Dr. Mathias to consent to an interview, so I'm afraid that isn't going to work. Please answer the question, SCP-4837.

SCP-4837:   A curse shall be laid upon Mathias for such treason. Very well, then. I hath a collection. A mighty collection.

Dr. Hintze:  Thank you. Now, where is the collection?

SCP-4837:  I will not show it to thee. I will not relinquish my riches to thee, worm!

Dr. Hintze:  I don't need to see it, I just need to

SCP-4837:  Never! Doth thou comprehend?! Never!

Dr. Hintze:  Alright, alright. If you can't tell me where, can you tell me why?

SCP-4837:  Many years ago, I had great interest. Sharp swords, big bludgeons. Adventure. Power! Alas, the times have changed. No more is it an era of kings, and no longer are mine gains of worth. So, it must all go and I shalt keep up with the times.

Dr. Hintze:  If you want to give away all of your things, why not leave it all somewhere?

SCP-4837:  Thou does not know of ancient binds? How very simple. All scholars know that my kind is bound by ancient laws. Such things prevent me from leaving my wealth in another's hands. No, only trade will suffice.

Dr. Hintze:  How old are you?

SCP-4837:  Older than thou can comprehend, simpleton.

SCP-4837 walks away from Dr. Hintze.

Dr. Hintze:  Just a moment, SCP-4837. We're not done here.

SCP-4837:  I hath no more will to answer questions. Leave me be.

Dr. Hintze:  Well, maybe I could encourage you to answer a few more

Dr. Hintze pulls out a pair of wireless headphones from his coat pocket.

SCP-4837:   Thou wishes to trade?

Dr. Hintze:  Bluetooth headphones to extend our chat.

SCP-4837:  I permit one more question.

Dr. Hintze:  Four more.

SCP-4837:  Thine greed is one to rival my own, it seems I permit two questions.

Dr. Hintze:  Deal.

Dr. Hintze places the headphones on the ground. SCP-4837 picks them up in his beak and flings them around his neck.

Dr. Hintze:  Are you satisfied now, SCP-4837?

SCP-4837:  For this moment, I am. Thou may ask two more questions.

Dr. Hintze:  Perfect. So, if you don't know your own age, let's discuss your possessions. Is there a reason you collected things from this period?

SCP-4837:  'Twas the age of adventure! Knights and vagabonds alike sought out my immense wealth, and I struck them all down! Their arms serve as my trophies in the wake of their death!  Alas, these spoils of war no longer bring me joy. Shame, really. Many squires are dead and I'm now bored of it.

Dr. Hintze:  Excuse me, but I fail to see how a man with a sword could lose to a duck.

SCP-4837:  Ah, thou would like to test thy might? Thou doth believe they are mightier than a ?

Dr. Hintze:   Not particularly.

SCP-4837:  A-ha! Thou realizes thine folly. Perhaps thou truly is a scholar after all.

Dr. Hintze:  More importantly, why are you bored with what you have? Some of these items have been appraised for a sizable amount.

SCP-4837:  Though my collection is grand, it has diminished in function. Those like myself have far more impressive treasures. I seek to overcome them. Many would weep at the sight of the Google Pixel!

Dr. Hintze:  You mean ducks?

SCP-4837 is silent for a moment.

SCP-4837:  Heed this warning, scholar: Thou wilt call me  no longer. Once I am free of this feathered form, once I am freed of this prison thine scholar's circle has trapped me within, both thou and that damned wizard will know my true strength.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Commonly known as the Early Medieval Period








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                telepathic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Nov 2020 05:47
            
            Edit
+84)
Tags
Discuss (30)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Killing Floor Map Database
                      
              KFMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Puppet中文wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Employment Network of SB
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

