                        


Item #:  SCP-169

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Because of its size, SCP-169 cannot and almost certainly will never be containedno structure on Earth is large enough or strong enough to contain SCP-169. The location of SCP-169 is not precisely known, but imaging satellites and analyses of eccentricities in the Earth's orbit suggest SCP-169 is located in the southern Atlantic Ocean, possibly stretching around the tip of South America (see Addendum 0-20).

Any satellite footage of a shift in the landmasses produced by SCP-169 is to be excised and destroyed by embedded agents.

Description:  SCP-169 is surmised to be a marine arthropod of enormous size, known as the  by generations of sailors and oral history. Presumed at first to be a myth, SCP-169 was detected on ██/██/19██ by Mobile Task Force Gamma-6 during an investigation of paranormal activity around the █████ █████████ archipelago (coordinates ██°██'S ██°██'W). During Ɣ-6's investigation, Dr. ████ ████████ [Ɣ6-0912] discovered the archipelago to have moved at least three (3) kilometers from its original location. Though initially Dr. ████████ believed this motion to be due to unusually-quick continental drift, a reconnaissance mission performed by the USS ████████ revealed the archipelago to be the protrusions of rock-like plates covering an enormous organic mass. The Foundation was brought in immediately to begin threat management.

Dr. ████████ and Dr. ██████████ [Ɣ6-0421] estimate SCP-169's body length to be between 2000 and 8000km. The creature is thought to have existed since the pre-Cambrian era. No other specimens have been sighted. Almost nothing is known about SCP-169's habits, such as its reproductive capabilities (if any), food source, and nesting area (if any). Research regarding SCP-169 is pending approval.

The archipelago known as the █████ █████████ Islands have historically been uninhabited, though claimed by ███████ in 17██. Upon handover to the Foundation, ███████ presence was evacuated on the pretense of rising sea levels. Though the archipelago has remained above sea level for several millennia, any change of depth by SCP-169 could result in the disappearance of the entire archipelago. SCP-169 moves slowly, less than one kilometer per week, but seems only to be adrift. Its method of propulsion is unknown. Regular seismic tremors seem to indicate  about every three (3) months, causing minor shifts in the islands' terrain, suggesting that the creature is probably dormant.

Information Suppression:  The USS ████████ was scuttled with all hands immediately after the discovery of SCP-169 with the permission of the American government. The public is forbidden from entering the archipelago created by SCP-169 due to the conveniently large number of resident endangered bird species. As indicated above, satellite footage is to be doctored in order to suppress knowledge of SCP-169's movement. NASA is currently cooperating with the Foundation in keeping the existence of SCP-169 quiet, and is currently permitting the Foundation use of their satellites for photographic use.

Addendum [0-20]:  In 199█, the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, an American scientific agency unaffiliated with and unaware of the existence of the Foundation, detected an ultra-low-frequency underwater sound emanating from around ██ºS ███ºW, approximately ████ km from the southwestern coast of South America.


Despite the best efforts of embedded agent ████ ████████ [IA-1522], news of the sound leaked to the media, receiving significant media coverage. Foundation analysis concluded that a massive underwater organism was the source of the noise, and SCP-169 was hypothesized to be its source, as its  is well within the possible locations of the rest of SCP-169. The sound confirms Ɣ6-0421's hypothesis that SCP-169 is gargantuan in size. Future efforts by scientific or civilian teams to determine the source of the noise must be stopped by any means necessary.








‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  scp169spectograph.jpg

Name:  Bloop.jpg

Author:  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration

License:  Public Domain

Source Link:  Wikimedia
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            27 Aug 2020 01:38
            
            Edit
+795)
Tags
Discuss (97)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Cuil Theory
                      
              A Mathematical unit of Surrealism.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Echo Bazaar
                      
              Come to Fallen London
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            无尽长廊
                      
              行于廊屋，游于万物
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-PL Sandbox II
                      
              Do pracy rodacy!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

