                        


Item #:  SCP-1469

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  The area surrounding SCP-1469-1 has been purchased and fenced off by the Foundation for the purpose of on-site containment. Entrance into and experimentation with SCP-1469-2 may only be performed with prior permission from at least one (1) Level 3 Senior Researcher, and objects may only be removed from SCP-1469-2 with prior permission from at least one (1) Level 4 Site Director. All unauthorized individuals attempting to gain access to SCP-1469-1 are to be detained, questioned, and administered a Class B amnestic if deemed necessary by on-site security personnel.

Description:  SCP-1469-1 is an unmarked single-lane section of pavement connected to a rural access road located 53m before terminating in a dense copse of Gambel oak (Quercus gambelii) trees. This road section is not listed on any civilian maps, nor does any information regarding its construction or purpose exist in any official records. When transiting from north to south through the trees, SCP-1469-1 appears to act as a standing portal to SCP-1469-2.

SCP-1469-2 is an extradimensional space extending in all directions around an identical copse of Q. gambelii and is filled with instances of SCP-1469-3. Atmospheric composition within SCP-1469-2 appears to be consistent with that of the area outside of SCP-1469-1 and the time of day as measured by the position of the sun is identical; however, the ambient temperature  communication with expedition teams is possible only via a stationary transceiver connected via hard-line to SCP-1469-1 installed by Foundation personnel. No signals other than regular background radiation have ever been detected within SCP-1469-1.

SCP-1469-3 is a series of houses built in the American ranch or rambler style with identical single-floor, three (3) bedroom, two (2) bathroom floor plans extending in all directions from the point of entry of SCP-1469-2. Each instance is built on identical 850 it is not known how the lawns of SCP-1469-3 instances (determined through experimentation to be normal Poa pratensis, Kentucky bluegrass) remain healthy and immaculate despite the lack of irrigation or groundskeeping.

No entities have ever been encountered in SCP-1469-2 since its discovery; however, periodically, one or more instances of SCP-1469-3 will disappear when unobserved and be replaced by a new instance after a period of 24-72 hours. Dating of materials within SCP-1469-3 indicates that the oldest instances are approximately 80 to 90 years old.

Addendum 1469-1:  Log of Notable SCP-1469-3 Instances



Ref #:  SCP-1469-3-108-A

Location:  1.4km north-north-east of SCP-1469-2 entrance

Date Discovered:  ██/██/██

Description:  Instance was decorated in a cottage style but with a large amount of Nordic religious iconography. All text found appear to be in an as-of-yet unknown script.

Note:  Instance de-manifested on █/██/██ and was replaced 48 hours later by an unremarkable instance in French country decor.

Ref #:  SCP-1469-3-322-C

Location:  2.8km due east of entrance

Date Discovered:  ██/█/██

Description:  Instance was of normal dimensions, but contained modern furnishings and appliances of unusually large size. Baseline measurements suggest the home would have been intended for occupants standing approximately 2.5 to 2.8m in height.

Ref #:  SCP-1469-3-488-B

Location:  1.9km west-south-west of entrance

Date Discovered:  ██/██/██

Description:  Instance was unfurnished with bare walls and floor, but field personnel reported  when inside. Instance remained at its location for only three (3) days, the shortest duration of any SCP-1469-3 instance, before disappearing. The lot on which it was located is still empty after four months of periodic observation.

Ref #:  SCP-1469-3-618-D

Location:  5.3km north-west of entrance

Date Discovered:  █/██/██

Description:  Instance was decorated in cottage-style furnishings and paint that appeared to be completely black, with subsequent experimentation showing decorative patterns that were only visible in ultraviolet wavelengths. Personnel performing experiments within instance reported mild nausea and disorientation stemming from some form of sensory confusion; during debriefings, personnel reported that , despite lack of corroboration from measurements taken during initial survey. Affected personnel were quarantined for safety but recovered fully and returned to duty without incident.
附加记录：    

Addendum 1469-2:  Experiment Record

On █/██/██, a series of GPS tracking units were placed within several instances of SCP-1469-3 in an attempt to test the hypothesis that instances of SCP-1469-3 were being displaced to real-world locations. As of ██/█/██, six (6) out of the original thirty (30) instances designated for tracking have de-manifested, but the GPS units placed within them have yet to be found.

Addendum 1469-3:  Incident Log

On ██/██/██, following extensive testing on material samples collected from SCP-1469-3 instances, the following printed note was discovered near the entrance to SCP-1469-2:



To whom it may concern:

I don't know how you guys got in here and you're free to keep looking around, but please stop damaging the merchandise. Your cooperation is appreciated.

 The Management

P.S.  You break it, you buy it.
附加记录：    

Shortly after this incident, Foundation administration discovered an unexplained site budget shortfall in the amount of US $█,███,███. Further sampling and recovery requests have been suspended pending further investigation.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 05:23
            
            Edit
+65)
Tags
Discuss (29)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Right from 
                      
              Animation through Online Collaboration by students
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            jQuery EasyUI
                      
              easyui help you build your web page easily!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            the Paperworks
                      
              codename /pw/
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Mecha Documents
                      
              The Collection
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

