                        


Item #:  SCP-848

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-848 is contained in a 10m isolation chamber, which is to contain several non-organic structures that may be used by SCP-848-1 specimens to construct SCP-848-2. SCP-848-1 specimens usually do not need to be fed, but if they are unable to feed for periods lasting greater than 2 weeks or begin to exhibit signs of malnutrition, harmless insects may be introduced to SCP-848's containment as food.

SCP-848's chamber must be cleaned at least once per week and continuously monitored for the appearance of anomalous objects. In the case of hostile organisms, armed response teams may be deployed and full Nuclear-Biological-Chemical (NBC) precautions should be observed by all personnel when retrieving objects from SCP-848-2.

Description:  SCP-848-1 is a colony of Nephila clavipes (golden silk orb-weavers, a.k.a. banana spiders). Specimens of SCP-848-1 are approximately 15% larger and significantly stronger and faster than normal specimens of Nephila, but generally no more dangerous than a typical spider of the genus to humans and do not exhibit any particular hostility to humans in their containment.

SCP-848-2 is the web created by SCP-848-1. As with normal N. clavipes, SCP-848-2 can be enormous and often times reaches diameters of 5m or more. The silk used in the production of SCP-848-2 is somewhat stronger than is normal N. clavipes but otherwise appears normal in composition.

Periodically, anomalous objects will be discovered ensnared in SCP-848-2. The frequency of these occurrences varies greatly, but typically occurs from once per week to up to a dozen in one day. Recorded objects found in SCP-848-2 have included:

Various flying insects typical to that of SCP-848-1's natural habitat. To date, over 300 recorded species of flies, moths, and other insects have been logged.
Various flying insects that only exist in regions of the world where SCP-848-1 is not known to populate, including exotic deep rainforest insects.
Various kinds of scraps of inanimate objects, including paper and plant detritus.
Several species of flying insects not known to modern science.
Several unidentified organisms that quickly asphyxiated when exposed to oxygen, and may not be terrestrial in origin.
[DATA EXPUNGED]
[DATA EXPUNGED]


Anomalous objects will appear on SCP-848-2 despite having no plausible explanation for their origin, leading to the belief that SCP-848-2 is able to 'catch' objects from extraterrestrial or extradimensional locations. SCP-848-1 is able to feed on most insects found on SCP-848-2, and thus does not need to be regularly fed.

Addendum 848-01:  Log of Notable Recovered Objects

Date:  █/██/████

Details:  An unidentified insect appeared on SCP-848-2. The insect appeared to have twelve (12) legs, as well as an organ that could only be described as a . Specimen destroyed as a precaution.

Date:  ██/██/████

Details:  A flying insect resembling a terrestrial dragonfly with a wingspan of nearly 1m, believed to have become extinct approximately 150 million years ago. Caused significant damage to SCP-848-2 before being neutralized by SCP-848-1's venom. SCP-848-1 later repaired the damage to SCP-848-2 without incident.

Date:  ██/█/████

Details:  An unknown non-terrestrial organism which began screeching loudly before quickly expiring from asphyxiation and explosive exsanguination from its eyes. An autopsy performed by Dr. ██████ determined that the creature was not capable of breathing oxygen and in fact could not survive in an atmosphere with Earth-normal atmospheric pressure.

Incident 848-1: 

On █/██/████, a [DATA EXPUNGED] materialized on SCP-848-2 and immediately breached containment using a █████ ███████████. The [DATA EXPUNGED] and [DATA EXPUNGED] before response teams were dispatched and terminated the Subject after sustaining multiple casualties. Several specimens of SCP-848-1 were killed during the incident but a stable breeding population still remains.

SCP-848 has been redesignated Euclid-class and revised containment procedures are pending review.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                species
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            12 Nov 2019 22:42
            
            Edit
+205)
Tags
Discuss (20)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            AQ3D
                      
              AdventureQuest 3D Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Scion: Monsters and Mosh Pits
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            免費電子書：C# 程式設計
                      
              作者：陳鍾誠
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            EliteQuest Worlds
                      
              Eqwwiki
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

