                        


Item #:  SCP-3411

Object Class:  Keter Thaumiel

Special Containment Procedures:  Foundation agents embedded in postal services are to intercept all instances of SCP-3411 in circulation2.

Any coffin structures that appear as a result of SCP-3411 are to be delivered to Research Installation 9 for proper handling and disposal. Suitable cover stories are to be disseminated for all deaths that occur as a result of uncontained SCP-3411 instances.

Description:  SCP-3411 is the collective designation for an as-of-yet unknown number of written messages which are periodically delivered to children of eleven years of age who live in the state of New York. All instances of SCP-3411 are contained in envelopes possessing a seal bearing the writing 'THE NEW YORK'S GLORIOUS CHILDREN'S BATTALION', with the image of what is presumed to be some form of firearm above said writing. The design of the firearm in question does not correlate with any known non-anomalous design.

Instances of SCP-3411 appear to spontaneously manifest in transit via the US Postal Service, rather than originating in any known location. The length of time between batches of SCP-3411 instances being sent out is also variable; with gaps of weeks, months and years being recorded.

SCP-3411 instances display no anomalous properties until they are read by the specific individual to whom they were addressed. Several hours after reading the instance of SCP-3411, the individual in question will suddenly disappear. No methods have been found capable of preventing this event.

In some cases, metal coffin structures have appeared in the location of SCP-3411-related disappearances several years later, invariably containing the corpse of the disappeared individual. In all cases, these corpses have been dressed in some form of military uniform bearing a 'THE NEW YORK'S GLORIOUS CHILDREN'S BATTALION' badge. In cases where, due to significant damage, the corpse of the individual is not of sufficient size for clothing, this uniform is instead neatly folded on top of the coffin.

Addendum 3411-1:  The following is the written contents of all known instances of SCP-3411.



RECRUITING FOR THE NEW YORK'S GLORIOUS CHILDREN'S BATTALION 

YOUR EXTRA-GOVERNMENT CALLS UPON LEVY AS AGREED UPON 1892 

REGRETTABLY THE WAR CONTINUES 

THERE IS NO TIME FOR CHANGE 

IT IS YOUR TIME FOR YOUR TURN, PLEASE FORGIVE 

GET READY - WE EMBARK TONIGHT ! 

PARL VASTA ! 
附加记录：    

Addendum 3411-2:  On 11/22/2017, a metal coffin structure appeared at the former residence of the Green family, containing the living Samuel Green. Green had disappeared three years earlier as a result of exposure to an instance of SCP-3411. Upon manifestation, Green was observed to have lost both legs and the function of one eye, presumably from conditions following his disappearance. After the current residents of the house contacted police, SCP-3411 containment teams were also informed and made their way to the residence.

However, due to a miscommunication between the containment teams, Attendant NR prematurely dosed Samuel Green with amnestics before he could be properly interviewed on his experiences. Due to this negligent act, Attendant NR has been formally reprimanded for their improper conduct. Further action has not been deemed necessary.

Addendum1892-EXT-DIPLOMATIC-O5/EoI-2212)

CloseLog


TRANSCRIPT SEALED BY ORDER OF O5 COMMAND


CloseLog



Footnotes
1. Although evidence suggests that instances of SCP-3411 are slipping through this screening process, no plans are currently in effect for alteration of containment procedures.
2. I don't quite understand why contact with the O5 is necessary for this anomaly. Can we have some clarification on this? - Dr. Tilbark








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                telekinetic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 22:51
            
            Edit
+43)
Tags
Discuss (17)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Chess Variants Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Capitol Hill Community Council
                      
              a community site
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            pre dev wiki
                      
              Lets open this beast up
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            airchair-ultralight-gliders
                      
              Building and flying the Goat and Bug style of airchair ultralight gliders
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

