                        





Item #:  SCP-1564

Object Class:  Euclid-numen

Special Containment Procedures:  All instances of SCP-1564 are stored at Site 23 in 2.5m x 5m x 5m cells lined with no less than 2mm of low brass, with the exception of SCP-1564-2, which is stored at Medical Site 04 in an identical cell. Additional stipulations exist for each instance as follows:

SCP-1564-1 may only be interacted with by personnel with experience in a military or paramilitary organization including at least one year of combat experience.


SCP-1564-2 is stored adjacent to Ward 06 at Medical Site 04. Ward 06 contains all non-anomalous comatose patients in Foundation custody in Laos. Should fewer than six comatose persons be present at Medical Site 04, additional subjects may be transferred as necessary from Medical Site 07.


Personnel performing research on SCP-1564-3 are paid on the basis of original, useful research they produce in relation to each other, as determined by Assistant Site Director Galluzzo, rather than by standard Foundation pay grade. Efforts must be made to ensure a competitive environment among researchers.1


All research and experimentation on SCP-1564-4 is to be performed by individuals who are unaware of the identities of each other. Personnel assigned to SCP-1564-4 are prohibited from revealing their involvement, identification numbers, or real names to any personnel other than Dr. Sanmugasunderam and Assistant Site Director Galluzzo. Dr. Sanmugasunderam and Assistant Site Director Galluzzo may not have in-person contact with personnel assigned to SCP-1564-4 or with each other.


All personnel assigned to contact with SCP-1564-5 are required to memorize the layout of Site 23. Personnel wishing to access SCP-1564-5 must be able to recite this layout verbally upon request. Should any errors be noted in this recitation, access is to be denied.


No less than three mid-ranking members of the Church of the Broken God (tertiary nibbanic or higher) are to remain in meditation around SCP-1564-6. Each is to be provided with access to a database of known CotBG religious texts and given whatever sustenance is requested, provided that it does not exceed Site 23's budget or pose a risk of containment breach. Said members must undergo Procedure Sigma-Two once per month to ensure compliance with containment procedures without interfering with their faith.


Any unauthorized personnel or non-personnel who have viewed an instance of SCP-1564 or an image of an instance of SCP-1564 must be administered a Class-C Amnestic. Should any reliable means of blocking or negating telepathic communications be developed, testing with SCP-1564 is recommended.

Description:  SCP-1564 is a collection of six ovoid objects 1.4 meters in length with a mass of 216 however, non-invasive scans have shown that instances of SCP-1564 are hollow and contain extremely intricate assemblies of clockwork components. These assemblies are unique to each instance and appear to be in constant, non-repetitive motion despite the lack of any apparent internal or external power source. While this motion produces noise typical for motions of this type, instances of SCP-1564 do not produce heat.

Instances of SCP-1564 contain unique engraved patterns across their entire surfaces, and are visually distinguishable only by these engravings. The content of these engravings are as follows:

SCP-1564-1:  213 images of humans engaged in armed and unarmed combat with other humans, animals, mythical figures (including allusions to several figures unique to Church of the Broken God mythology), and fractal shapes. Several humanoids as depicted are consistent with descriptions of the Daevite civilization, typically appearing in leadership positions.
SCP-1564-2:  161 images of humans performing acts of charity and worship towards other humans, mythical figures, and places of worship. Several illustrations show the placement of mechanical objects and construction of shrines at culturally significant places, with gifts being given to passersby.
SCP-1564-3:  Four illustrations, separated from each other by double lines:

Twelve humans placing items resembling SCP-1139 in boxes. Images are not to scale.
Eight humans surrounding a bonfire containing four items of apparently mechanical nature.2
A single human carrying several small indistinct objects leading a procession of humans out of a building believed to be a church or similar place of worship. Those closest to the leading figure are younger than those near the back of the procession.
Four humans with fog or smoke emitting from their mouths while their faces peel back. The emitted matter combines to form an indistinct fifth humanoid figure.


SCP-1564-4:  Four illustrations, separated from each other by double lines:

A series of caves from which a procession of identical humans emerge, each bowing to a figure dressed in garb consistent with a high priest of the Church of the Broken God.
A serpentine figure which branches off into ninety-seven heads, each inscribed with a glyph similar to those located on SCP-271. Image does not exhibit the anomalous properties of SCP-271.
A group of fourteen humanoid figures depicted in a variety of stylized forms climbing in a pile of mechanical objects.
A book (possibly SCP-140) out of which a variety of human limbs and artificial structures appear to be growing. Structures bear similarities to both medieval Indian and Daevite architecture.


SCP-1564-5:  A single, nondescript human transitioning, over the course of eleven illustrations, from a human, to a human composed partially of mechanical components, to a humanoid composed entirely of mechanical components, to a featureless ovoid figure. Several smaller illustrations show a human transitioning into enlarged and apparently aggressive amorphous organism, a human emitting smoke from its mouth before collapsing, and a human rapidly developing into a fractal similar to the ones depicted in SCP-1564-1.
SCP-1564-6:  The entire surface is covered with fractal shapes. An estimated 2100m of etchings have been engraved into SCP-1564-6's surface. The patterns demonstrate familiarity with mathematical concepts that is incongruous with the date of SCP-1564-6's recovery.


Whenever containment procedures for an instance of SCP-1564 are not followed,5 at will. These entities are collectively referred to as SCP-1564-7. While contact with SCP-1564-7 may cause exhaustion and headaches, subjects have not been shown to experience long-term mental or physical harm or alteration. No less than ████ subjects currently exist outside of Foundation custody or employ, most of whom are believed to be members of the Church of the Broken God.

Experiment Log 1564-4:  Subject 1564-18 was chosen due to her prior occupational experience in speech transcription to provide a transcript of an encounter with SCP-1564-7. She was instructed to transcribe the communications of each entity using a different color of ink.

Show1564-4

Hide1564-4




test Stop wasting time.

Daughter of the forge, your strength heralds the defeat of the heretics. Rise from the ashes of defeat and prove your valor. Beware, mother, for you, and indeed, us, are surrounded by foes. Remain ready, coiled, and prepared to unleash your inner talent at a moment's notice.

Noted, now be quiet.

Okay, so. This is obviously very stressful on you, so I'm going to cut to the chase. As you can gather from my company's enthusiastically grandiose greetings, you're a bit more special than ???? picked you out for. Don't worry, it's not anything bad. You have lots of potential, and I can see you're at least a bit interested. Listen carefully to this next bit.

We all remember, now shut up so she can concentrate.

As much as it saddens me to say this, reconciliation will be difficult and unpleasant, but the future requires that you show your good will towards all.

Now I guarantee you'll get through this, just like all the others have. You're almost certainly the last, and our best bet. It will be worth it.

Think of it this way  not many people can say they get to be prophets, can they?
附加记录：    

All further information regarding Subject 1564-18 is accessible via SCP-GOC Joint File 4-881.




Footnotes
1. Due to the relatively high burnout rate of SCP-1564-3 researchers, I recommend that alternative containment procedures be devised for SCP-1564-3.- Assistant Site Director Galluzzo.
2. Two have been positively identified as items of significance from relevant Church of the Broken God texts; one, as . These objects are presumed destroyed.
3. Containment procedures were devised based on Church of the Broken God documents, information provided by CotBG adherents, and the circumstances of recovery for each instance.
4. Hereby referred to as subjects.
5. Subject testimony and CotBG documents indicate that these entities inhabit SCP-1564-1 through -6. This is currently impossible to confirm.
6. The preceding numbers include activation codes for doors in the area of Site 23 where Subject 1564-18 was kept.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                telepathic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 02:36
            
            Edit
+216)
Tags
Discuss (59)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Foundation
                      
              auf Deutsch
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            projects.wikidot.com
                      
              Wikidot Projects Forum
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Blank Template
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Frontman Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

