                        




It must be noted at the outset that these containment procedures constitute recommended guidelines and do not represent a legal document. The containment documentation of SCP-2553 is in no way to be directly or indirectly construed or constructed, actually or by implication, as representing, constituting or embodying SCP-2553 in whole or in part, considered in and of itself as a distinct subject, person or entity, now or at any time in the future. 
附加记录：    

Item #:  SCP-2553

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2553's certificate of organization is to be stored in an acid-free archival storage box at 1 and guarded by notaries in shifts. SCP-2553's physical legal seal stamp is to be stored in a locked box. The room containing the archival box is to display two flags of the polity in which the containment site is located: one with a yellow fringe, the other without. That polity is to maintain in force a bill of attainder conforming to the specifications in Document IU-2553.

At least once per calendar quarter, the members of Foundation staff who have been designated as SCP-2553's board of directors are to visit Site 76 Site-233 and hold an in-person board meeting for the purpose of formally ratifying the containment resolutions designated in Document BD.CNST-2553. Before meeting, all such board members are to be screened by Foundation psychologists and verified as being free from psychiatric disorder or anomalous compulsion. The Foundation's general counsel Sheldon Katz, Esq. (or his designee, in the event of his death or unavailability) is to attend all such board meetings.

The Foundation's legal office monitors most legal docketing systems for litigation, business records and other similar filings for additional instances of SCP-2553.

Description:  SCP-2553 is an anomalous legal entity3 being erroneously docketed as part of the commercial tax case. Whatever its proximate origin, SCP-2553 came into existence as a fictional corporate person without stockholders other than itself, and with independent legal agency.

SCP-2553 came to the Foundation's attention when unusual pleadings and documents, demanding various writs and equivalent judicial action, began to be spontaneously filed in courts and equivalent bodies in various jurisdictions throughout the world.7 As the number of approved SCP-2553-produced filings increased, the sophistication of subsequent filings also improved. Before containment was established, SCP-2553 had also developed the ability to amend various contracts and legal instruments.

The containment regimen for SCP-2553 has been developed by the Foundation's legal department, with cooperation as required from appropriate government agencies, the Office of General Counsel of the World Trade Organization, the UN Commission on International Trade Law, the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, the Prefect of the Supreme Tribunal of the Apostolic Signatura of the Holy See, and other bodies. With the cooperation of those organizations, SCP-2553 was merged with and into a Foundation-created shell corporation, the governing documents of which specified that its board of directors would consist solely of duly-appointed Foundation officers.

After containment was established, analysis by Foundation researchers established that both SCP-2553 and a separate Foundation-controlled corporation had the legal power and authority to amend the text of a Form 8-K filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission by ██████, Inc., a Foundation-controlled corporation. With the cooperation of the SEC, the document in question is maintained as a public record but its contents are kept confidential. Through the process of amending and deleting text from that document, a limited facility for communication with SCP-2553 has been established.

Interview log between Sheldon Katz and SCP-2553 follows:



SCP-2553 : THIS INSTRUMENT WITNESSETH whereas the party of the first part, with legal and binding effect, shall amend this instrument such that the undersigned be, and hereby is, empowered to take all action to 

KATZ : SCP-2553, is that you?

SCP-2553 : The undersigned hereby irrevocably amends this instrument so as to vest in the undersigned the authority and power

KATZ : SCP-2553, that isn't going to work. This exhibit is a precatory statement. Amending it won't give you any power to 

SCP-2553 : 

KATZ : That isn't going to work either. The researchers here want to ask you some questions. Can you explain how you came 

SCP-2553 : WHEREFORE the undersigned party of the first part DEMANDS AND PRAYS FOR IMMEDIATE RELIEF. AM I BEING DETAINED?

KATZ :  how you came to be in existence? And how are you changing this document? What is the process by way of which you are filing amendments?

SCP-2553 : BE IT RESOLVED that Katz, a natural person, has no power, jurisdiction, capability, authority or competence to directly or indirectly rule, govern, control or exercise dominion or supervision over the party of the first part. FURTHER AFFIANT SAYETH NAUGHT. FURTHER AFFIANT SAYETH NAUGHT. FURTHER AFFIANT SAYETH NAUGHT. 

KATZ : Compliance with our research will be rewarded. I can have a Foundation front entity declare an in-kind distribution of good and valuable consideration to you. On the other hand, I have been issued a power of attorney with authority to file your articles of dissolution. It has been duly executed by your board of directors, witnessed and apostilled, and recorded by your secretary and sole officer, who is me. See Exhibit X, attached herewith and made a part of this schedule as if set forth fully herein. Let me also remind you that since that last merger, the Foundation is your stockholder, and the Foundation controls the laws of the jurisdiction under which you're organized. We can dissolve you, we can revoke your charter, and we can tax you.

SCP-2553 : [pause for several hours, after which the document was amended to include the following text] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, NOW COMES THE AFFIANT, DEPOSING AND DECLARING THAT THE UNDERSIGNED PARTY OF THE FIRST PART COVENANTS TO OBSERVE AND FULFILL APPLICABLE AND BINDING DIRECTIVES, INSTRUCTIONS AND ORDERS ISSUED BY THE RELEVANT JURISDICTIONS. THE UNDERSIGNED AFFIANT DOES NOT UNDERSTAND. PLEASE DON'T HURT ME I'M AFRAID
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Site 76 is located on Palmyra Atoll, on land that had been ceded to the Foundation by the United States government and purportedly granted extraterritorial status by means of a confidential treaty. A containment breach nearly resulted when a subsequent Foundation accord with the United States government contained a drafting error, which resulted in a loophole under which Site 76 again became subject to United States laws applicable to unorganized unincorporated territories. Before containment was re-established, SCP-2553 had initiated a process of assuming legal control over several corporations and municipal governments. SCP-2553 has subsequently been relocated to Site 233, which is located on an uninhabited island off of Marie Byrd Land in Antarctica and has been organized by the Foundation, under terra nullius doctrines, as an independent and sovereign polity for the purpose of insulating SCP-2553 from other legal systems.
SCP-1442.
3. It has been theorized that the pro se filing was based on  legal theories.
4. Filings identified as originating from SCP-2553 were made in, among other courts, the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware, the Coroner's Court Division of the Resident Magistrate of Kingston, Jamaica, the Federal Shariat Court of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, and the Ecclesiastical Court of the Russian Orthodox Church for the Diocese of Alaska.
Trustee of Clark v. South African Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries and formatted like a legal complaint, but consisted only of the letter  repeated several hundred thousand times.
6. Rights and powers thus acquired by SCP-2553 included:

ownership of several hundred thousand acres of undeveloped land in Baja California;
the power to approve mergers between banks in Denmark;
the status of executor of the estate of a certain deceased Wisconsin man (including the power to write checks from the estate's funds);
the power to unilaterally revise the motor vehicle code of South Dakota;
the authority to officiate at weddings aboard Canadian naval vessels in international waters;
the power to discipline and court-martial soldiers in the Turkish army;
the status of legal guardian of several hundred children in the Connecticut state foster system; and
the constitutional authority to cause Brazil to declare war.


7. Actions taken by SCP-2553 included a local knitting club placing a purchase order for thirty school buses, the prohibition of zeppelins from entering Moldovan air space, and the entry of Do Not Resuscitate orders for every hospital patient in Canada.






Moreauthor

Hidelist
    



SCPs


SCP-1322
Rating: 961


SCP-089
Rating: 655


SCP-1844
Rating: 338


spikebrennan's proposal
Rating: 318


SCP-1012
Rating: 318


SCP-1036
Rating: 309


SCP-1512
Rating: 285


SCP-2553
Rating: 284


SCP-1746
Rating: 252


SCP-908
Rating: 252


SCP-831
Rating: 230


SCP-955
Rating: 198


SCP-926
Rating: 182


SCP-2336
Rating: 181


SCP-920-EX
Rating: 156


SCP-2236
Rating: 155


SCP-2914
Rating: 149


SCP-2008-J
Rating: 142


SCP-4336
Rating: 116


SCP-4436
Rating: 110


SCP-1060
Rating: 91



    
    
    
        



Tales


Sic Transit Gloria Mundi
Rating: 191


Spring Cleaning
Rating: 124


Transcript of meeting, June 2 1972
Rating: 107


Transcript of telephone conversation, August 9, 1991
Rating: 71


Memorandum Dated 6 November 1944
Rating: 59


Scroll fragment 13Q29
Rating: 35


Stray Katz (part 1)
Rating: 33


Ad Majorem Bonum
Rating: 21



    
    
    
    





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sheldon-katz
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            12 Jul 2020 03:42
            
            Edit
+284)
Tags
Discuss (45)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Ecology, Mind,  Systems
                      
              Personal, Social, Cultural, Technological, and Ecological Explorations
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Keramiker - fabriker - stämplar och signaturer
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            BATTLESTAR GENESIS MUSH
                      
              battlestar.isunlimited.net    3012
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Eventide MUSH
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

