                        


Item #:  SCP-1802

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1802 is to be kept in Humanoid Chamber C-08 at Armed Containment Area 24 pending relocation to a Safe storage facility and monitored according to humanoid containment guidelines. Its cell is to be inspected regularly for concealed objects.

Description:  SCP-1802 is an artificial humanoid measuring approximately 30 using screws. SCP-1802 walks with an unsteady gait, but is manually dexterous and capable of using tools.

SCP-1802 is sapient and capable of speechmostly simple recitations of memory. It has a single-minded devotion to one particular task: the collection of miscellaneous, usually worthless objects. It gathers these items in whatever containers it can carry (sacks, small jars, sandwich bags), then creates caches nearby in which to store them, such as behind a dumpster or at the foot of a tree. SCP-1802 can remember the location and contents of each cache it has created. Examples of objects hidden by SCP-1802 include a bottlecap, three acorns, a field cricket, half an ice cream sandwich wrapper, a coat button, and a gecko.2 SCP-1802's largest acquisition was a road sign indicating a deer crossing, removed with the use of stolen tools. Once the sign was removed, SCP-1802 was unable to relocate the item, and so attempted to conceal it in place with the use of fallen leaves. The object was discovered by a police officer and replaced within several hours. SCP-1802 was discovered by the Foundation when it attempted to remove a security camera installed on the gate of Armed Containment Area 24. During the process, it was noticed by a guard, at which point it was captured and taken in for examination.

Researchers assigned to SCP-1802 are permitted to provide the object with pieces of trash so that it remains cooperative during interviews and experiments. SCP-1802 spends its time studying these objects, taking a mental inventory of previously-gathered objects, lying on its bed and twitching, and making unsuccessful attempts to penetrate its head using its graspers.3



Interview Log 1802-2 

Date: 10/04/██

Time: 03:10:00

Subject: SCP-1802

Interviewer: Dr. ██████

SCP-1802 spent the duration of this interview sitting politely on the interview table. Its voice is a little muffled, because it seems to be coming from inside the can, but at least it enunciates well. Dr. ██████

Interviewer: SCP-1802, what is your earliest memory?

SCP-1802: I woke up and I saw people. Some of the people were making signs. Some of the people were pouring and working. Most of the people were looking at me. A man said to me that it is working. He may have said it to the rest of the people.

Interviewer: What happened after that?

SCP-1802: I was wearing my coat and had my arms. Before the man said my purpose, I was not anything that I could remember. But then the man said what I am for.

Interviewer: What is your purpose, SCP-1802?

SCP-1802: I look around. I keep anything I do not understand and study it to learn. By this task I become cool.

Interviewer: It seems like you take anything you find.

SCP-1802: I do not understand much. The man told me that.

Interviewer: What happened to you next?

SCP-1802: The man picked me up and walked until we were outside. He put me down and said to go west and begin my task. He said to keep going west until I saw a gate with cameras on it.

Interviewer: Can you remember what street you were on or what building you came out of?

SCP-1802: I saw signs that said [REDACTED]. I think the numbers on the building said .

Interviewer: [to the supervising researcher] That's all we need. [to SCP-1802] Thank you for your cooperation.

SCP-1802: I did not mention a detail. The man said that this detail was very important to remember. The man named me.

Interviewer: What name did he give you?

SCP-1802: He called me .

Interviewer: Thank you for your cooperation, SCP-1802. The interview is over.
附加记录：    

Addendum:  On 11/04/██, immediately following Interview 1802-2, a squad of Foundation agents raided the building described by SCP-1802. The location, an abandoned [REDACTED] restaurant franchise, was completely deserted, although paint stains and pieces of granite indicated recent activity. A cardboard box was sitting on the counter, with an attached note hastily scribbled on wax paper in crayon. It read:



FØUND THIS FOR YOU

APPRECIATE THE GESTURES
附加记录：    

The reverse bore this message:



SPECIAL PROCEDURES:

FIGURE IT OUT
附加记录：    

The cardboard box contained a dirt-stained white bottlecap with no identifying markings. After researchers cleaned and evaluated the object, it was designated SCP-████ due to its anomalous properties and placed in containment.

Footnotes
SCP-1502 suggests a shared origin.
2. The gecko escaped SCP-1802's possession shortly after it placed the lizard in storage.
3. The container was opened and found to be empty, except for masking tape applied around the bottom of the can.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Sep 2017 06:12
            
            Edit
+481)
Tags
Discuss (97)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            History in the New Media
                      
              Digital Project Design in Archives and Public History
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wiki.PKP.in
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Harry Potter: Into The Fire
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            AnalyticsCamp
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

