                        


Item #:  SCP-2272

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  1 At least one member of Local Mobile Task Forces in the region of Pensacola Blue Wahoos away games at which Ellis Canastota is scheduled to start shall attend. Regional Command will revise containment procedures if new information or activity is demonstrated.

Description:  SCP-2272 is a phenomenon currently affecting the Double-A minor league baseball team known as the Pensacola Blue Wahoos. The phenomenon manifests as a player who does not exist, Blue Wahoos starting pitcher Ellis Canastota, appearing in game records, statistical compilations and in memories of Blue Wahoos games since mid-201█. All attendees of Blue Wahoos games in which Canastota is purported to play experience an apparent collective visual hallucination of Ellis Canastota pitching, batting and fielding, and a baseball game proceeding as normal. This effect also applies to visual recordings, photographs or audio recordings of Blue Wahoos games.2 (See Addendum I below for attempts at computer analysis of purported photographs of Canastota.)

Double-blind analysis of aerial sonar readings from Vince J. Whibbs Sr. Community Maritime Park during a game in which Canastota was purported to pitch confirm that no being or object existed in the space in-person observers or observers of photographs and video suggest. In addition, despite audiovisual recordings indicating baseballs being hit, thrown and otherwise manipulated, sonar tracking was unable to verify the objective presence of a baseball on plays in which Canastota was a factor. When Canastota is not  no anomalous effects are indicated.

Ellis Canastota, according to scouts with the Cincinnati Reds organization and his listing on the Blue Wahoos website, attended “Oneiroi4 No memories, recordings or statistics of any baseball performances by the player exist prior to his signing with the Blue Wahoos in 201█.

Addendum I - Analysis of images:  Multiple images affected by SCP-2272 were passed to a Foundation-developed program which subjects an image to a number of Fourier transforms and convolutions to obscure the resulting output from human recognition while simultaneously analyzing its structure and providing a summary of its contents by statistical analysis.5 An example report (SCP-2272-IMG310):

Date: 1st July 201█

Location: SPORTING EVENT at BASEBALL STADIUM (99% certainty)

Type: FULL COLOR PHOTOGRAPH

Subject:

The image contains one (1) ADULT PERSON standing in foreground and seventy to eighty (70 to 80) ADULT PERSONS seated in the background. With 100% certainty the PERSONS in the image have CLOSED EYES.

Addendum II - Incident 2272-Domino:  Initial containment procedures for SCP-2272 orchestrated the appointment of Field Agent Robert Potsdam as general manager of the Pensacola Blue Wahoos, with the intent to trade Ellis Canastota to a Foundation-controlled summer league baseball team to contain SCP-2272’s effects. The evening after his appointment as general manager, Agent Potsdam was found comatose in his bed, after suffering apparent blunt-force trauma to the head. All Foundation staffers within an approximately 40km radius of Agent Potsdam’s location reported experiencing the same dream that evening. Foundation staffers reported sitting in the stands of a baseball stadium and viewing Ellis Canastota throwing a fastball at the head of a bound Robert Potsdam.

Footnotes
1. At Canastota’s current level of statistical performance (7-10, 4.74 ERA as of last season) this is considered a feasible request with which the franchise is cooperating without objection.
2. For further details on the nature of collective hallucination events: McTiriss, Kate, “Can I Get A Witness? Mass Hallucinations And Infohazards In Foundation Containment” Fieldwork: An SCP Foundation Journal (2013): 619.
-2805 is currently under research.
4. ”WO” is not a valid ISO 3166 country or region code. It is used for both the World Intellectual Property Organization and the Wolof language, spoken in the Gambia and Mauritania. All individuals questioned about Ellis Canastota’s background did not recall specifics, with many indicating that he “keeps to himself.”
SCP-592. For details on its operation and accuracy: Ashley, Giulianna, “Methods For Image Analysis On Infohazardous Imagery” Terminal: An SCP Foundation Journal (2007): 230.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                the-gulf
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            30 Apr 2020 03:24
            
            Edit
+210)
Tags
Discuss (35)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fifa Be A Pro 360
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Backrooms
                      
              Watch Your Back...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Biblioteka Wędrowca
                      
              Polska Filia
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Liminal Archives
                      
              Exploring spaces which shouldnt exist
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

