                        


Item #:  SCP-1226

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1226 is to be hung on the wall of a standard containment chamber, and access restricted to testing personnel. SCP-1226 may be safely observed remotely or piecemeal; its anomalous properties manifest only when it is viewed in person and in its entirety. A 6cm square of opaque black plastic has been positioned in the upper left corner of SCP-1226, to be removed for testing purposes. Only D-class personnel are permitted to view SCP-1226 uncovered. Special security precautions are to be taken when exposing subjects to SCP-1226, as post-exposure subjects exhibit heightened aggression, endurance, and physical strength. Post-exposure subjects are to be terminated at the conclusion of testing.

Description:  SCP-1226 is a large oil landscape painting measuring 2 meters by 4 meters. It depicts, in great detail, the detonation of a nuclear weapon above a large city2. For full text of the plaque, see Addendum 1226-02.

When a subject views the whole of SCP-1226 in person, it causes an immediate mental and physical change in the viewer. A significant increase in physical size and overall musculature is accompanied by a pronounced curvature of the spine, forcing a hunched, simian posture. The skull is radically reshaped, the forehead sloping and jaw protruding. This results in a marked reduction of total brain mass and an increase in cranial pressure, with a significant reduction in cerebral volume. These changes occur over the space of about 40 seconds, and are evidently extremely painful.

Post-exposure subjects exhibit a massive loss of mental capacity consistent with the reduction in brain mass. Subjects are capable of only rudimentary guttural vocalizations and simple gesturing by way of communication, and are concerned only with feeding, copulating, and other basic instinctual behaviors. Due to the intense pain and loss of mental function associated with transformation, subjects invariably enter a violent state of panic.

Initial descriptions of affected subjects as  archetype.

All re-education and rehabilitation efforts to date have failed due to the radical simplification of subject's brain structures.

Addendum 1226-01: Acquisition Log. 



SCP-1226 was acquired on ███ ██, ████, following its unveiling at [DATA REDACTED] Gallery in [DATA REDACTED]. The unveiling event was heavily promoted as featuring the latest work of ███████ ███████, and was attended by many well-known members of the global artistic community.

The unveiling event exposed ███ individuals to the anomalous effects of SCP-1226. Those gallery patrons and employees not exposed were killed by exposed subjects over the next half hour, either through bludgeoning, cannibalism, ██████ ███████████, or some combination thereof. 911 calls and police reports were intercepted by MTF Upsilon-23 (), affected subjects captured or eliminated, and amnestics administered to witnesses and first responders. SCP-1226's anomalous effects were confirmed on-site by MTF Upsilon-23, and SCP-1226 was taken into containment.
附加记录：    

Addendum 1226-02: Text of Informational Plaque. 



The inevitable conclusion of the modern age is in self-destruction! The post-modern era will be like the pre-modern era, the new will be like the old, there will be shiny chrome primitivism for everyone, and we'll all finally be cool.

~███████ ███████3
附加记录：    
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Footnotes
1. The skyline of the city depicted in SCP-1226 does not conform to that of any currently extant urban center.
2. Neither frame nor plaque have exhibited anomalous properties, and may be viewed upon request.
3. Mr. ███████ ███████, noted post-modernist painter, professed no knowledge of an exhibition at [DATA REDACTED] featuring his work. Furthermore, SCP-1226 is highly atypical of his artwork.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            16 Jul 2020 01:58
            
            Edit
+91)
Tags
Discuss (69)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ΚΣΕ ΜΟΥΔΑΝΙΩΝ Επιμόρφωση Β Επιπέδου
                      
              «Όποιος τολμάει να διδάξει δεν πρέπει ποτέ να πάψει να μαθαίνει» John Cotton Dana
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            uberOptions
                      
              Enable all options on all buttons in SetPoint
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Exploring Our World Wiki
                      
              A Site for Everyone Interested in Teaching and Learning
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            +VOYAGE34+
                      
              Is this trip really necessary?
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

