                        


Item #:  SCP-1273

Object Class:  Safe Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1273 is to be kept in Containment Locker #434 at Site 23 when not being actively used for testing with D-Class personnel. SCP-1273 is not to be connected to any electrical power source except for testing purposes. SCP-1273-A is to be treated as a non-hostile but potentially dangerous entity.

SCP-1273-A remains indefinitely in Testing Chamber #741 and is to be monitored at all times. Personnel are forbidden from entering the chamber until further notice. No testing of anomalous objects is to take place in Test Hall-Delta as of 05/11/2014, and in the event of a containment breach, the hallway should be completely sealed off.

Description:  SCP-1273 is a ██████ brand children's nightlight. No materials comprising the structure of the object have been identified as individually anomalous. The object has been designed to resemble a stylized rabbit, and functions as a non-anomalous nightlight for the first thirty minutes of being connected to a working power source and turned on. At this point, SCP-1273's anomalous effects will activate and an entity, hereby designated SCP-1273-A, will manifest in the area containing SCP-1273. If the object is turned off or disconnected from the power source during the manifestation of its anomalous properties, the entity will demanifest until the next activation event.

SCP-1273-A appears to be a Caucasian female humanoid entity of approximate teenage appearance. The entity refers to itself as  a citizen of the town of ███████, ██ where SCP-1273 was initially discovered. Foundation investigation confirms that an individual bearing the same name and description of the entity formerly lived in the town, but was reported dead as of 03/09/2014. The aforementioned person's parents had discovered their deceased child in her room on the aformentioned date, along with SCP-1273 and several other anomalous objects whose function appears to be [REDACTED].

The entity is visually indistinguishable from a non-anomalous human subject; however, it is unable to make physical contact with anything that is not a boundary of the room currently housing SCP-1273. 1 As such, SCP-1273-A cannot leave the room it manifests in.

Upon manifestation, the subject typically appears to be distressed and attempts to remove SCP-1273 from its power source. Due to the entity's intangible nature, these actions are consistently futile.

Interview Log-1273-Alpha:  The following interview was taken upon initial manifestation of SCP-1273's anomalous effects by the presiding head researcher, Dr. Lloyd.



Interviewed:  SCP-1273-A



Interviewer:  Dr. Lloyd



Foreword:  This is the first recorded appearance of SCP-1273-A.



 



Lloyd:  Hello, my name is Dr. Jason Lloyd. I'm going to ask you a few questions now, if you don't mind.



SCP-1273-A:  [too quiet to be understood]

Lloyd:  I'm sorry, what was that?

SCP-1273-A:  [turns to look at Dr. Lloyd. Subject appears distressed.] Can I go back?

Lloyd:  Go back where? [aside] Note that subject appears to be distressed



SCP-1273-A:  I-I was never supposed to come back here [Subject begins to attempt to remove SCP-1273 from its power source. The entity is apparently intangible, as it does not appear to be able to physically interact with the objects.]

Lloyd:  Please, calm down. We can help you, but you have to help us first. [holds out his hand as a gesture of peace]

SCP-1273-A:  [shakes head] Please don't touch me. You can't help me. I don't need help, just please let me go back.

Lloyd:  Go back where?

SCP-1273-A:  [Subject continues to attempt to remove SCP-1273 from its power source.] Away. The place I was before. It was so much better than this, just please, please, unplug this thing.

Lloyd:  SCP-1273-A, I'm going to need more information from you before we can release you.

SCP-1273-A:  [Subject ceases attempts to remove SCP-1273 from its power source.] And then I can go back?

Lloyd:  Yes. Then you can go back.

SCP-1273-A:  Okay I don't really remember how I got into the light, but I know it's my home.

Lloyd:  

SCP-1273-A:  Ah, well, as you can see, I'm not exactly [entity waves hands through SCP-1273]

Lloyd:  Ah. I see. Are you completely positive you can't remember anything at all about how you got to be this way?

SCP-1273-A:  [looks away from Dr. Lloyd] I'm sorry, I really can't.

Lloyd:  I see. If you do remember anything, please don't hesitate to tell us. Now, what's your home like?



SCP-1273-A:  [smiles slightly] It's amazing and bright and freeing, and oh, please let me go back. Just for a bit. I can't stand it here any longer.



[Dr. Lloyd confers with research team for approximately three minutes]



Lloyd:  Alright, SCP-1273-A, you can go for now. We'll see you soon enough.



 



Closing Statement:  Dr. Lloyd proceeded to turn off the object and remove it from its power source, causing SCP-1273-A to demanifest.
附加记录：    

Interview Log-1273-Beta: 



Interviewed:  SCP-1273-A

Interviewer:  Dr. Lloyd

Foreword:  The following interview takes place one week after the events comprising Interview Log-1273-Alpha and mark the second activation of SCP-1273's anomalous state by the Foundation.

 

SCP-1273-A:  [sighs] So soon?

Lloyd:  Hello SCP-1273-A. Do you recall any more details on the events that lead to you existing in your current state since our last interview?



SCP-1273-A:  I'm afraid not, Doctor.

Lloyd:  I see. Well, can you tell me more about the place you came from?

SCP-1273-A:  [looks around anxiously] I'm, um, afraid that's not allowed.

Lloyd:  Not allowed? Who isn't allowing this?

SCP-1273-A:  [averts eyes towards the ground] Please, put me back.

Lloyd:  Abi, please answer the question.



[Subject does not respond.]

 

Closing Statement:  Subject remained unresponsive for the remainder of the interview. Following half an hour of unresponsiveness, Dr. Lloyd powered SCP-1273 down and unplugged it.
附加记录：    

Research Log-1273-Kappa:  The following is a series of excerpted notes taken from Dr. Lloyd's experimentation notebook. All excerpts are from notes taken during a series of interviews with SCP-1273-A.




附加记录：    



realized that we can encourage the information out of it by refusing to let it go back until it tells us.
附加记录：    




附加记录：    



Agent █████████ and Agent ███████ appear to be slowly earning SCP-1273-A's trust. Head researchers are to confer about how to possibly use this in conjunction with punishment in the future.
附加记录：    

Incident Report-1273-Mu-1:  On 05/11/2014, during routine testing of SCP-1273's responsiveness to alternative power sources4. Instead of passing through the agent as was expected, the entity's appendages appeared to become  in the subject's physical body. This caused further distress to SCP-1273-A, who vocalized more loudly and struggled to remove itself from Agent ███████'s form. As the entity made increasing contact with the agent's body, SCP-1273-A appeared to be absorbed into it. After approximately three minutes, the entity was fully absorbed into Agent ███████'s body. The agent appears to have died during this process. On site personnel reported a lack of respiration and pulse from ███████, and tentatively declared her to be dead. Soon after, the chamber was cleared of all personnel and objects, save for the corpse of the subject, in order to monitor any possible anomalies resulting from this event.

Incident Report-1273-Mu-2:  After approximately three hours of observation, SCP-1273-A emerged from the corpse7and approached the corpse. SCP-1273 entered the corpse and attempted to partially animate it, resulting in erratic movements. The object flung itself at the door of the testing chamber repeatedly for approximately sixty minutes before SCP-1273-A emerged, returned to its position in the center of the room and began crying. The entity is to be continually monitored until further notice.

Audio Log-1273-Sigma:  The following excerpts are segments of audio taken from the testing chamber housing SCP-1273-A during Foundation monitoring.



I didn't mean to kill her.
附加记录：    



You don't understand how it feels to be trapped. You don't understand the feeling of being restricted, because you've never known being free. Please, let me out. I can show you.
附加记录：    



I just want to go home.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. See Incident Report-1273-Mu
2. Specifically, the effectiveness of circuits powered by alkaline batteries
3. As SCP-1273-A had previously proven to be intangible, Agent ███████ did not make any attempt to defend herself.
4. The entity was noted to say  repeatedly
5. The entity was noticeably panicked at this time.
6. The entity was noted to say several phrases repeatedly, notably 
7. SCP-1273-A was noted to be hesitant during the following actions.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 09:57
            
            Edit
+173)
Tags
Discuss (59)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Snow Leopard Compatibility
                      
              Which apps work with Mac OS X 10.6?
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WPTS
                      
              pittsburghs progressive FM
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Puppet中文wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sukhoi Superjet 100
                      
              Реальность против домыслов
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

