                        


Director's Note:  To whoever keeps adding this gibberish to the database: we will eventually figure out how to prevent you from doing this. You're wasting your time, and it's not funny.

Item #:  SCP-3344

Object Class:  Safe or Euclid I guess. Let's go with Euclid since I'm not sure.

Special Containment Procedures:  Unnecessary because subject itself is likely not contagious, but the symptom of something else. SCP-3344 can just sleep in whatever is available in Site 24; unused bunk rooms, empty quarters, floors, wherever. It's not going anywhere anytime soon, so consider it self-contained.

Description:  SCP-3344 is a caucasian humanoid male, 36 years of age. Subject's main anomalous effect seems to be that everyone that has ever had direct contact with its father believes him to be dead, and will not interact with it in any meaningful way. Subject is unable to interact with these people physically, and changes he makes to the environment around them go completely unnoticed. Persons who believe subject to be deceased have a fairly consistent view of the circumstances surrounding its supposed death, which apparently was a car accident caused by the subject driving under the influence of alcohol. It should be noted that the subject does not regularly imbibe alcohol, and has never actually driven drunk before.

Though it is not clear what anomaly caused SCP-3344's anomalous effects, the date that it occurred was likely sometime in September of 2008. It is believed the full effect of the unknown catalyst was not reached until November of 2008. It is hypothesized that the memory effects first originated in the subject's father, and spread out to those closest to him geographically, affecting the majority of his co-workers at his job.

On April 26, 2015, SCP-3344 infiltrated Site 241. Attempts by the subject to inform non-affected Foundation staff of his situation were fruitless, as their investigations usually led to contact with the subject's father, and subsequently putting them under the same effects. Any documentation they made was either deleted or went completely unnoticed. Most non-affected individuals were low level employees, with no access to means of shielding themselves from the effects. Those who did attempt to avoid the effects through use of higher level technology or other SCP artifacts, failed.

Addendum 1:  Okay, that's the best I could do to try and add myself to the database. I can't really write that clinical shit, and I'm over it at this point. It's been 8 years since my wife and kids, and all my other family members started treating me like a ghost. Hell, a ghost would probably get more acknowledgement. They remember a funeral that never took place. They remember non-existent speeches at a non-existent wake while I screamed at them that I was right there. They ignored the people who never knew my dad, who I tried to use to get them to understand what happened. It was gratifying at first to see their confused expressions as my family and friends basically ignored anything they said about me as if they were robots who couldn't interpret the data they were receiving. But it made no difference.

One of my new friends asked me, after he got over his incredulity at the entire messed up situation, why I didn't just move to a new place where no one could possibly know my dad. I could do that, you know, but it would feel not just like giving up on my family, but giving up on myself. They all think I died, but they're the ones who are ghosts. I lost my wife, my three children, my brothers, my sister, my mother, my father, my uncles, my aunts, my grandparents, my cousins, my closest and oldest friends. And it's all because of this place. My dad's work. I can't blame him though. He has no idea, couldn't have known. But the reality for me is that it wouldn't have happened if he worked somewhere normal. Somewhere that didn't have the most disturbing shit behind bars.

It's not his fault, but my investigation has gone completely cold now. His work has brought him into contact with countlessI just can't let go. I'm sorry. I should, but I'm just not strong enough.

I'm sorry Dad. For your sake, I hope what I'm about to do won't work. But I have to try. You don't deserve this, but neither do I. I want my life back. If it works, I'll take care of Mom. I promise.

I love you.

- Niklas Carver, SCP-3344

Addendum 2:  I know you can't read this, or at least you can't really process the information, but I feel compelled to add it anyways. You can try and erase this all you want. I'll put it back every time. Every. Single. Time. Until I'm dead or I'm not just an anomaly anymore. And you can't stop me because at this point I probably have higher clearance than you. I will not be deleted.

Footnotes
1. Finding out what my dad did for a living, and locating this place was the hard part. Everything else was a cakewalk thanks to mystate of being, I guess. Also, I'm sorry about the burnt popcorn last February. That was my bad, but it gets pretty old to have your food taken out of the microwave before it's done for the 18th time.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 22:02
            
            Edit
+203)
Tags
Discuss (34)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Copernicon 2010
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Isocentre Archive
                      
              Where ideas intersect
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            FiredawnFolder
                      
              The not-quite Inner Circle but close enough
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Software Craftsmanship
                      
              A conference all about building it right
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

