                        




SCP-721-J



Item #:  SCP-721-J

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-721-J-1 has been safely contained at Doctor Lloyd Jenkins' house with an electric shock collar. SCP-721-J-1 is to be kept at Doctor Lloyd Jenkins' house at all times. Never let him leave, and if he does leave never ever let him near another Foundation site.

Description:  SCP-721-J is an image of Doctor Lloyd Jenkins' dog, [REDACTED]1, hereafter SCP-721-J-1. SCP-721-J is a visual memetic agent that only affects individuals who have seen SCP-721-J-1 in person. The effect causes an individual to customize their personal belongings with SCP-721-J. This includes wall paintings, desktop backgrounds, calendars, mugs, t-shirts, etc. There are currently 9 instances of SCP-721-J in Doctor Lloyd Jenkins' office (not including each separate calendar month). There is no known cure for exposure.



A custom mug in Dr. Lloyd Jenkins' office. He's had it for 3 months and it still hasn't been used yet.



Addendum:  On 4/5/2017 a massive containment breach of SCP-721-J occured on Site 127's annual bring your pet to work day. An estimated 56% of site personnel were exposed to SCP-721-J-1. Within a week of the initial breach the following customized orders were placed by site staff:

25 calendars

48 post it note packets

14t-shirts

46 rolls of toilet paper

12 paintings

32 wallet pictures

3 tattoos

1 tombstone (pre-ordered)

Two days following the initial containment breach Site 127 staff began sending image spam of SCP-721-J to The Ethics Committee, Overwatch Command, and various other Foundation sites. Below is a transcript of emails regarding the misbehavior of Site 127 staff.

E-mails Concerning Site 127 Containment Breach: 



From:  ███████ ████████, Head of Ethics Committee

To:  Troy Alderman, Site 127 Director

Re:  SCP-721-J

Could you guys at Site 127 stop sending us that stupid dog picture. I opened my inbox this morning to find 18 different pictures of your site's new cafeteria mural. I shouldn't have to say it but these are not proper requests for ethics review.

Additionally, no-one want to see that tattoo on D-6783's [DATA EXPUNGED]. (Was that even consensual? How do you even get a tattoo there?)

Regards,

███████ ████████
附加记录：    



From:  Troy Alderman, Site 127 Director

To:  ███████ ████████, Head of Ethics Committee

Re:  SCP-721-J

I don't see any problem with my staff's behavior. SCP-721-J is memetic but it's not hazardous. Besides, I talked with Doctor Lloyd Jenkins about it and he feels like he's finally done something successful in his life.

Regards,

Troy Alderman
附加记录：    



From:  ███████ ████████, Head of Ethics Committee

To:  Troy Alderman, Site 127 Director

Re:  SCP-721-J

Firstly, SCP-721-J may not be hazardous but it has become painful to look at.

Secondly, being successful doesn't mean you deserve it.

Thirdly, if something is successful, but it also makes the O5 council mad, it isn't actually successful.

Fourthly, the O5 have voted, image spam of SCP-721-J is to stop immediately.

Failure of cessation will result in removal of site 127's annual pajama day.

███████ ████████
附加记录：    



From:  Troy Alderman, Site 127 Director

To:  ███████ ████████, Head of Ethics Committee

Re:  SCP-721-J

Showfile

hide










Regards,

Troy Alderman

P.S. Is it really too expensive for the Foundation to purchase Photoshop? It took me two hours to make that in Gimp 2 and I'm still not satisfied with that O.
附加记录：    

Following the assassination of Troy Alderman, Site 127 descended into an anarchy fueled civil war.

Communication channels were cut, and, as far as the rest of the Foundation was concerned, everything had returned to normal.

Footnotes
1. Name redacted at request of Dr. Lloyd Jenkins to 


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            25 Feb 2020 14:34
            
            Edit
+39)
Tags
Discuss (17)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Microbiology@Morningside
                      
              The wiki for students in BIO 252 at Morningside
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Metrix Create:Space
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            FiredawnFolder
                      
              The not-quite Inner Circle but close enough
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Borradores SCP-ES
                      
              Sitio de borradores para miembros de la Fundación SCP-ES
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

