                        


Item #:  SCP-1942

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1942 and SCP-1942-1 are to be contained in situ until such time as a permanent means of containment is developed. The Foundation has acquired all public and private property within a 5km perimeter around the primary nest is to be treated with high potency insecticide, to be renewed as necessary. Any SCP-1942 samples found outside the insecticide-treated area are to be destroyed. Personnel entering the containment area are to keep any necessary equipment on their persons at all times and any persons or objects exiting the containment area are to be fully inspected for presence of stowaways.

Any devices created by SCP-1942, with the exception of SCP-1942-1, are to be removed from containment area as soon as feasible for study and archival. Materials desired by SCP-1942 may be introduced into the containment area at O5 discretion.

Description:  SCP-1942 is a colony of western harvester ants (Pogonomyrmex occidentalis), which at any given time consists of approximately 85,000 workers and drones and an unknown number of queens. SCP-1942 inhabits a single primary nest and six secondary nests near [REDACTED]; to date, no other ant colonies within the [REDACTED] region have demonstrated properties similar to SCP-1942. Attempts to ascertain the depth of SCP-1942's nests, or the number of queens in the colony, have failed due to SCP-1942 acquiring and dismantling all monitoring equipment and miniaturized drones. The dietary and reproductive habits of SCP-1942 are typical of its species. Average lifespan of an SCP-1942 worker is approximately 55% longer than that of a typical P. occidentalis worker.

The carrying capacity of SCP-1942 workers is well in excess of typical P. occidentalis capacity; a single worker has been observed to be able to lift and carry objects weighing up to 0.4 analysis of SCP-1942 pheromones has indicated the presence of ███████ distinct compounds.

At all times since observation of SCP-1942 began, large groups of workers not involved in digging, foraging, or caring for the queens and/or larval ants have engaged in scavenging man-made devices and raw metals from its environment, which it has used to produce a number of complex machines. Devices constructed by SCP-1942 have included electric motors and generators, chemical batteries, forges for smelting and refining of metal (including several exotic alloys and ores commonly used in [REDACTED]), centrifuges, tools for extracting and refining plant matter into vegetable oil, replacement parts for SCP-1942-1, and devices for producing and recycling oxygen. Minor seismic vibrations within the containment area have lead to speculation that additional devices not known to the Foundation have been built and are in use within the primary nest.

The largest device constructed by SCP-1942 to date, designated SCP-1942-1, is an electromechanical computer weighing approximately 9000 SCP-1942 has since added several wind turbines and an electric motor to partially automate its functions.

SCP-1942 has demonstrated no hostility to the Foundation or to humans in general, and has made no attempt to prevent or retaliate against the removal of objects from its habitat. Objects removed are often quickly replaced by new devices identical to the object removed.

Addendum:  On ██/██/20██, Dr. ███████ accidentally left a clipboard with a pen and several sheets of paper within SCP-1942's containment area following acquisition of several vacuum tubes and a steel ingot. Upon realization that he had left the items behind, Dr. ███████ returned to the area to find that in his absence, SCP-1942 had used the pen to write a message, in English, on a blank piece of paper attached to the clipboard. Said message reads as follows:



SEND ALUMINUM, CARBON, GRAPHITE, DEUTERIUM, THORIUM-232, SODIUM-24. CONSIDERATION WILL BE GRANTED. BREEDER REACTOR MUST BE ONLINE BY 20██ IN ORDER TO COMPLETE PHASE VI ON SCHEDULE. LAUNCH WINDOW IS ██/██/20██, WILL NOT REOPEN UNTIL 2███.
附加记录：    

All subsequent attempts at two-way communication with SCP-1942 have been unsuccessful. It is not clear whether SCP-1942 possesses the sensory capability to hear human language or to read printed words, or whether it chooses not to respond. O5 approval of SCP-1942's request is pending.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                swarm
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            11 Nov 2019 00:02
            
            Edit
+138)
Tags
Discuss (27)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            La Insurgencia del Caos
                      
              Creando la Lógica De lo Ilógico
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            TI-Basic Developer
                      
              The TI-Basic Information Repository
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Alicebot
                      
              Free AIML chat bot content
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fundacja SCP
                      
              Polska Filia SCP
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

