                        




SCP-4727.





Briefcase manifested by SCP-4727 user.



Item #:  SCP-4727

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Item is kept in a secure locker at Site-73. Testing requires permission from current research head. Repeat experimentation with the same subject requires additional Ethics Committee approval.

Description:  SCP-4727 is a Star Model BM pistol manufactured in 1985. Falling asleep while holding the pistol's grip induces dreams of a consistent nature involving chasing down, cornering, and killing some kind of person or creature. Should the actions undertaken in the dream be successful, the dreamer will awake with a metal briefcase in their other hand.

The briefcase invariably contains an item of value to the pistol's user. It cannot be opened by anyone other than the user, whose name will be inscribed on the briefcase's top, followed by the phrase 

The pistol's anomalous effect can only be triggered once. Attempting to trigger this effect more than once is highly disrecommended.

Appendix A:  Object history


User
Dream experienced
Object obtained
Remarks


Antonio Inez, 18-year-old entrepreneur in El Paso, TX.
Unknown
(Theorised) An electronic storage device containing the source code for a machine-learning-based food delivery service.
Inez rose to prominence as a notorious  following the release of his company's trademark app, Gobblr. He was later found dead in his house following what appeared to be a violent break-in. The pistol, along with an empty briefcase, was recovered from his possession by officers of the El Paso PD.


Ronald Rogers, 26-year-old police detective in El Paso, TX.
In a session with his therapist on 17/05/2017, Rogers once reported a dream in which he chased down a human-sized police corporal badge, cornering it in a dark alley and brutally beating it with his bare hands.1
(Theorised) A note detailing plans to break into and burgle the home of Antonio Inez, bearing the fingerprints of Cornelius Lin, the CEO of another El Paso-based food-delivery startup.
Rogers was later credited as providing the vital evidence needed to arrest Lin, receiving promotion to police corporal for his efforts.


Krystelle-Lynn  Thomas, 20-year-old sex worker in El Paso, TX.
Thomas' extensive online blog detailing her experiences with various mind-altering substances contains a description of a dream dated 20/05/2017, in which she wakes up in the body of a  who follows a delivery boy into an abandoned warehouse, then shoots him with a shotgun.
The wallet of her alleged lover, police corporal Ronald Rogers, containing $27.40 in cash, a driver's license, and a strip of paper with a phone number written on it in lipstick.
On the night of 20/05/2017, Thomas broke into the home of police corporal Ronald Rogers and killed him with two shots to the head using SCP-4727's non-anomalous pistol function. Police officers responding to the scene were fired upon by Thomas, who managed to wound an officer before being fatally shot in the chest.



Appendix B:  Foundation investigation

The item came to the attention of the Foundation when the three briefcases of identical make were found at the residences of Antonio Inez, Ronald Rogers, and Krystelle-Lynn Thomas. Embedded Foundation agents clandestinely secured the item after its significance was suspected. Its anomalous properties were confirmed during testing when experimental subject D-961006 produced a briefcase with her name on it, containing one Foundation standard-issue [REDACTED]. The opening was sealed by on-site technicians and D-961006 was terminated by site security. Item was designated SCP-4727 and allocated further resources for testing.

Footnotes
1. This was noted by his therapist as an improvement over Roger's usual dreams of chasing down and beating up unarmed Hispanic children.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                weapon
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            25 May 2020 15:52
            
            Edit
+92)
Tags
Discuss (24)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fight Corruption Now
                      
              Fight Corruption NOW Before It Is Too Late
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Retro Legends
                      
              The Definitive Database for Retro Gamers
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Samvedna Network
                      
              Collaborative e-learning for children
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Liminal Archives
                      
              Exploring spaces which shouldnt exist
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

