                        


Item #:  SCP-2448

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  A perimeter around the grounds of SCP-2448 is to be established, and a 5-man team of security personnel is to patrol the boundaries every 4 hours. A guard station on the north edge of the castle premises will house any personnel assigned to SCP-2448. Any unauthorized persons attempting to enter the perimeter are to be turned away with the explanation of an ongoing private-family historical renovation and refurbishing project.

When SCP-2448 becomes active,1 a team of 5 personnel, ideally from various departments not restricted to field agents, are to be sent onto SCP-2448’s grounds to contain the manifestations (see Field Mission Brief). Personnel assigned to SCP-2448 are allowed to bring and request nonstandard equipment; all carried items must be approved and logged by the SCP-2448 research team prior to team entry onto the grounds. Teams assigned to SCP-2448 are to be rotated every three months.

Description:  SCP-2448 is located in █████, Switzerland, and consists of the ruins of what appears to be a later medieval-era English castle and its surrounding grounds, which together span a roughly regular hexagonal area with an area of 50,000 square meters. While the architecture of the castle is consistent with those held by 13th-century English nobility, landmarks and other structures present on the grounds possess more modern developments. Markers near the property state the location as .

Four discrete areas accompany the castle: a graveyard, farmland/orchard plots, an ornamental flower garden, and a market-square-layout of artisan workshops. Signs in each area proclaim (in French, German, Italian, and Romansch) the owner of the premises to be . Exploration has revealed that only certain items in the location can be interacted with (e.g. picked up, moved, knocked over). Any items retrieved from SCP-2448 that are taken outside its boundaries will shrink in size.3 Lab analysis indicates the resultant items to be comprised of non-anomalous polystyrene.

On the night of each first quarter moon, SCP-2448 will spontaneously manifest a variety of swarms of small organisms4 in each discrete area of the grounds. These anomalous entities will occupy the grounds until the next sunrise, at which point they will cross the boundaries of the castle grounds and disperse. Any further movements of these creatures are untraceable.

It was later discovered that upon each activation of the castle's anomalies, SCP-2448 also manifested a collection of six glass bottles, scattered across the grounds. When uncorked, the bottles produce anomalous substances, which can be manipulated at will by tilting and pointing the bottle. The bottles measure 30 each possesses distinct identifying marks and abilities, noted below:

DisplayLog

Closelog



Glass Color
Inscription
Reaction


Red

pours substance similar to flaming alcohol


Azure

pours a variant of frozen water (e.g. snow, ice, sleet, ice pellets)


Gray

pours liquid metal that is cool to the touch, but solidifies within seconds


Clear

pours thick fog similar to liquid nitrogen vapor in texture, but consists of thickened water vapor


Light Brown

pours high volumes of various soil-related substances (thus far gravel, silt, mulch, and dirt)


Golden-yellow

pours glowing liquid that gives off electric sparks, vanishes after sparks have struck other objects








Field Mission Brief:  When anomalous swarms are present on the grounds, the bottles have been observed to glow with an inscription that states the carrier of the item should return it to its proper place in the castle’s inner sanctum.5 Locating and placing all six bottles correctly in the castle will trigger the immediate demanifestation of all anomalously-generated organisms.

Teams comprised of individuals with a variety of skill specializations have consistently performed well. Despite Foundation members being adequately trained, there have been instances of personnel developing temporary clumsiness and failing to accomplish certain actions.6 However, on a few rare cases, certain personnel have demonstrated sudden ability beyond their usual capacity; the first notable example involved Agent Tai Yang Shen managing to eliminate a swarm of bats using a single lit torch.
附加记录：    

Addendum SCP-2448-1:  On ██/██/██, the 4th successful assignment, SCP-2448 began to manifest human entities dressed similarly to medieval English gentry, designated SCP-2448-1. Initial SCP-2448-1 spoke with a male voice regardless of gender, and were unable to speak more than a few words.8 demanifest upon the completion of containment.

Addendum SCP-2448-2:  SCP-2448-1 were observed to speak in the voices of Foundation personnel assigned to SCP-2448. SCP-2448-1 possessed no emotional affect and could only repeat back phrases spoken to them. Personnel of subsequent missions were given specific nonsense phrases to gauge SCP-2448-1 reactions. Thus far, the phrase “how the slugs dance in salted shoes” has not only been adopted by several SCP-2448-1 instances, but has also appeared embroidered onto a tapestry hung in the castle’s main hall. Phrases containing technical terminology, such as “Laplace Transformations can accurately model sudden and nonbuffered changes in voltage”, have gone unnoticed by SCP-2448-1.

Addendum SCP-2448-3:  While manifested SCP-2448-1 populations have slowly increased with each successive SCP-2448 activation, swarm organisms have decreased noticeably in number. However, various hybrid creatures have been sighted during recent containment assignments, the most common being bipedal ursid entities possessing patches of feathers upon their limbs.

Addendum SCP-2448-4:  Following development of increasingly sophisticated conversational ability, as of ██/██/██,9 instances of SCP-2448-1 have acquired solid forms and have begun to move from their initial manifestation point. Though instances of SCP-2448-1 have never come within 5 meters of the location boundaries, some have expressed the desire to “play in another field when this story is finished”.

Current instances of SCP-2448-1 have been noticed carving tessellated hexagonal patterns into the ground. Instances of SCP-2448-1 have additionally begun to bar entrance to certain locations, inquiring of Foundation personnel .

Though it has been in the interest of the Foundation not to harm the humanoid manifestations, discussion regarding updating the containment procedures is ongoing.

Footnotes
1. Determined to be first quarter moon nights.
SCP-1024 has been considered.
3. The observed ratio of the item is generally around 1:60.
4. Entities encountered thus far have included bats, ravens, spiders, snakes, moths, and various rodents.
5. The exact location is the castle’s third-story throne room.
6. The most often-observed occurrence is personnel failing to strike an anomalous entity in front of them.
7. Most commonly-voiced exclamations were “Guillaume of Gyfax”, “Enter friends”, and “play”.
8. See Addendum SCP-2448-4.
9. The 17th successful SCP-2448 containment phase.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            04 Apr 2018 04:44
            
            Edit
+102)
Tags
Discuss (50)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Dark Souls Wiki
                      
              Your #1 source of fan provided tips, strategies, FAQs, and informaton about Dark Souls
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Variable Thinking Wiki
                      
              Life is a word problem
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ISTAR
                      
              International Society for Testate Amoeba Research
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Ginnungagap
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

