                        


Item #:  SCP-2678

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  The access point has been resealed and disguised as a bookshelf. All previously scheduled explorations have been cancelled.

Description:  SCP-2678 is an extradimensional space solely accessible to those holding Catholic beliefs through a previously barred door in the basement of the Siena Cathedral in Siena, Italy. A metal placard beside the door reads . Those who enter the doorway will emerge into a small tarped outpost built around the freestanding exit. Inside the outpost is:

A biomedical laboratory refrigerator, stocked with samples of blood and bone taken throughout SCP-2678.
Several audio recorders, ranging from wax strip models to magnetic tape machines.
A computer terminal requesting Foundation credentials. All attempts to access it have resulted in rejections for insufficient clearance.
The score for a choral prelude titled Sul Golgota.
The incomplete skeleton (hyoid, hipbone, and both forearms were missing) of a prepubescent male, covered by a sheet on a steel table. Cause of death unknown.


The outpost is located on the outskirts of a 324.6km² city in Italian Gothic architecture style, comprised exclusively of cathedrals, palaces and churches floating in a red-orange void. A perpetual rainstorm composed of human blood has covered the city since initial discovery, delaying navigational efforts and staining the buildings red. While appearing to be marble, chemical analysis of the structural material used within the city has revealed all buildings to be made of osseous material taken from male children between seven to twelve years of age.

No life, human or otherwise, has been observed to exist within SCP-2678. Despite this, all visitors have reported hearing a discordant, high pitched melody echoing faintly from somewhere within the maze of buildings. Audio recording equipment malfunctions within SCP-2678, with such devices only picking up the sound of falling blood at an immensely high volume.

Explorers who follow the melody will be able to trace it to an exact replica of the Siena Cathedral (with previously mentioned environmental changes). The cathedral is entirely empty except for a single pipe organ which has had its longest pipes cut in half and the corresponding pedalboards torn out.1

The pressing of a key will result in the mimicry of the note by a male juvenile voice (ranging from approximately seven to twelve years of age), with each key having a unique corresponding voice. As with a regular pipe organ, the notes can be sustained as long as the key is pressed, though this will result in what is reported as an increasingly panicked shift in tone from the voice as their key is held down for extended periods of time.

While the organ is playing a note, the blood rain will transmute into water by unknown means. No matter how long the organ is played, the buildings will remain stained.

Long-term testing of explorers and members of the research team has revealed several behavioral changes, tentatively believed to be linked to hearing the organ music playing with SCP-2678. These include:

A greater appreciation for choir music
Increased belief in structured religion
Increased faith in authority figures
Higher levels of doubt to those of a lower social or economic status.
A reluctance to report crimes committed by other members of the Foundation.


Symptoms do not appear to fade with time.

Addendum:  Testing of the organ was conducted on 20/12/2019 in order to determine the upper limit of its sustain, as no attached windbox could be found.

The longest recorded testing of a key lasted 23 minutes, at which point the C7 key splintered beyond functionality. The remaining fragments were noted as bleeding for several days.

Footnotes
1. The longest pipes play the lowest notes in an organ, which would leave it only able to reproduce high-pitched notes.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            07 Jul 2020 15:33
            
            Edit
+108)
Tags
Discuss (18)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Vakfı
                      
              Yakala, Sakla, Koru
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bisgmit
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Metrix Create:Space
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Foundation
                      
              auf Deutsch
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

