                        


Item #:  SCP-1725

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1725 is to be held in a Safe Containment cell, located at Site-77's Safe SCP division. This locker is to be secured with an electronic locking system. Any persons affected by SCP-1725 who are found outside of containment are to be held and questioned about possible involvement with the group of interest Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd, followed by the administration of a Class-B amnestic.

Description:  SCP-1725 is an ornate brass box, with an area of approximately 4x3x3 meters. SCP-1725 has a panel attached to its left side, with a dial that can adjust to nine different settings. There is also a terminal, which only activates when the dial is set to '9'. SCP-1725 does not require any outside power source to function, and does not produce any type of waste. The words  have been embossed onto the bottom of SCP-1725, and onto the top of the control panel.

Any persons who enter SCP-1725 are subject to its anomalous effect. Any person within SCP-1725 when the dial is changed will have one of nine physical mutations applied to them. These mutations correspond with the options on SCP-1725's control panel. The mutations are designed in such a way that they cause the persons body to mimic popular fashion accessories such as earrings and high heels. For a complete list of possible SCP-1725 mutations, please see Addendum 1725-A.

SCP-1725 was recovered on ██/██/1989, from an auction being held in █████, GA. It is believed that this auction had been set up by the group of interest Marshall, Carter, and Dark Ltd. During the raid on this auction, SCP-1725 was recovered, along with approximately 54 other items. Testing revealed that SCP-1725 was the only anomalous item that had been secured as a result of this raid, and it was classified as Safe on ██/██/1992. This auction card was recovered with SCP-1725:



MARSHALL, CARTER,  DARK LTD. OFFICIAL AUCTION CARD. 

Just imagine, having the most fashionable servants amongst anyone in your social circle. Seeing them writhe in jealousy as a servant who is always up with the latest trends comes up and serves you the finest foods and drinks. But keeping all of your staff up with the times can be expensive. With this lovely piece, you can be the one who has all the gentlemans clubs abuzz. They will say your employees have the elegance and poise that no other can match. And it can be all yours, for a price of only £950000. And if the staff ever start getting uppity about their predicamentgive them some time with option nine.
附加记录：    

Addendum 1725-A:  Log of physical mutations resulting from SCP-1725.


LOG OF PHYSICAL MUTATIONS.


Setting One 
The person will begin to grow large circular holes in their ears. These circular areas will grow muscular tissue in order to keep the circular shape.


Setting Two 
Affected persons will grow large bone protrusions from their heels, with additional scar tissue growing to cover it. This growth is both rapid and extremely painful. These protrusions can cause extreme defects to the person's existing bone structure due to the stress caused by the sudden additional bone growth.


Setting Three 
Persons will develop large growths from each ear, and will develop smooth colorful growths. These growths will occasionally become fused to other portions of the body such as the shoulder, neck, face, and chest, depending on the size of the growths.


Setting Four 
Persons will grow large bone protrusions around the eyes, resembling horn-rimmed spectacles. These new growths are extremely sensitive, and are easily damaged. In addition, there is a 16% chance of the new growths becoming fused to the eyes or eyelids.


Setting Five 
Persons will grow large bone and sinew structures on their backs, superficially resembling nonfunctional butterfly wings. These 'wings' are extremely fragile, and subjects are highly sensitive towards them. Subjects do not display any amount of control over these 'wings'.


Setting Six 
Persons will appear to grow porcelain-like covering over their skin. This covering has an appearance similar to marble, and is extremely fragile. Due to the fact that there are no openings for the subject's nose or mouth, holes must be cut in this covering or else subjects will suffocate. In addition, large muscles will appear to grow on the subject. However, these new growths are actually a thin layer of skin stretched over a fluid filled cyst.


Setting Seven 
Persons will grow large, sharp bone protrusions from their ears, and will gain massive restructuring of the face and body. Persons affected in this way will often have difficulty with locomotion and speech.


Setting Eight 
A combination of all previous options. Note that this option is highly unpredictable, and will often cause random and unwanted defects such as burns, severe damage to any cartilage tissue, gross distortion of the limbs and face, impotency, and death.


Setting Nine 
The operator of the device will be given complete control of the composition of the person within SCP-1725 via a command terminal. Any changes made to the subject's body will be extremely painful to the subject, and can lead to their death. Changes can be reverted at the operator's choice.1



Footnotes
SCP-1808, recovered later in Somerset, England, was acquired to cater to clientele intrigued by the demonstration of this option.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                transfiguration
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Mar 2020 14:18
            
            Edit
+125)
Tags
Discuss (62)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiNorron
                      
              Almost as good as the guide, maybe better!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RedPlay Wiki
                      
              redplaywiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Snow Leopard Compatibility
                      
              Which apps work with Mac OS X 10.6?
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            F650CS FAQ
                      
              Alternative / Supplement  to Black Belt Gang FAQs for the BMW Scarver
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

