                        


Item #:  SCP-PL-066

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Complete containment of SCP-PL-066 is impossible, though the surrounding area has been secured and remains under constant observation. Since the village of ████████ is located only ten kilometers away from the object, official information regarding the exclusion zone is to claim the cause of contamination is a radioactive landfill. Every person entering SCP-PL-066-1 has to report on its activity, and once returned, must undergo extended therapy for re-adjustment to baseline conditions.



SCP-PL-066-2



Description:  SCP-PL-066-1 is a trapdoor in a storeroom located on an abandoned farm that originally belonged to deceased Mr. █████, in the ████████ voivodeship. The storeroom itself contains over a dozen sets of agricultural and other types of tools. The trapdoor is made of oak, fastened with iron nails and hinges. Under the trapdoor is a wooden ladder leading to a concrete tunnel measuring 2 by 2.8 meters. Drilling around the tunnel reveals it to end after one meter, blocked by a solid layer of bedrock, after which only soil can be found. Subject presumably works similarly to a portal. The tunnel has a length of five meters, at the end of which there is a steel ladder with signs of corrosion. This ladder leads to SCP-PL-066-2.

SCP-PL-066-2 appears to be an extradimensional space whose terrestrial content seems limited to a small area in the immediate vicinity of the exit; this is surrounded by a flat empty space.

The place measures ten by twelve meters, is delineated by a two meter tall steel wire fence, and is lit by three lanterns powered by a simple type of battery, which can be charged from outside at any time. One battery lasts for about two weeks. In this area, there is, aside from a lantern, only an empty concrete building, in which an exit from the tunnel is located.

SCP-PL-066-2 is shrouded in impenetrable darkness. The dimension lacks anything similar to a sky, sun, etc. The ground is made of powdered concrete and shreds of synthetic textile material. It reaches one meter deep, where it is replaced by an indestructible layer of mixed, multi-colored material. Beneath this is presumably a layer made of stone or some other hard material. Sources of light show no changes in luminosity inside SCP-PL-066-2, yet can illuminate only a specific piece of terrain, which is defined by their luminosity and range.

Land surveys of SCP-PL-066-2 have revealed an interesting feature: after a distance of sixty kilometers from the central area, a void suddenly appears. It has been theorized that SCP-PL-066-2 may, in fact, be infinite.

Revision:  Object is scheduled for neutralization following Incident I-PL-066.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Addendum: 

DisplayLog

HideLog




Test #1 

Objective:  Height survey of SCP-PL-066-2.

Test Personnel/Equipment:  Wireless scout drone equipped with an altimeter.

Procedure:  After the drone was turned on, it was set for a straight, vertical flight. When the drone passed the range of three meters from the ground, the rotors stopped working and the device fell to the ground. A second, unauthorized test was conducted; this time, the drone was sent outside the area at low altitude. As expected, once it passed one meter beyond the fence, it fell to the ground.

Conclusion:  Radio waves cannot move outside the area. Request for a wired drone submitted.
附加记录：    



Test #2 

Objective:  See Test #1.

Test Personnel/Equipment:  Scout drone with one hundred meters of cable.

Procedure:  After the drone was activated, it was set on a straight vertical course. It flew without interruption until reaching an altitude of one hundred meters. Drone's LEDs were continuously visible against the background of the black .

Conclusion:  Insufficient data to draw a satisfactory conclusion. However, the light from the drone was not observed to be affected by the darkness.

Dr. B███████'s Note:  I think that there's just nothing outside that place, just flat ground made of concrete dust and material shreds. Yet, I have an idea regarding the examination of height
附加记录：    



Test #3 

Objective:  See Tests #1 and #2.

Test Personnel/Equipment:  Scout drone equipped with one kilometer of cable.

Procedure:  After the drone was activated, it was set on a straight vertical course. It flew without interruption until reaching an altitude of one kilometer. Drone's LEDs remained continuously visible, but dimmed progressively as it gained altitude.

Conclusion:  Insufficient data.

Dr. B███████'s Note:  You know what, it's starting to piss me off. What if we connected a few cables together?
附加记录：    



Test #4 

Objective:  See Tests #1, #2, and #3. Testing was personally directed by Dr. B███████.

Test Personnel/Equipment:  Remote controlled special research drone equipped with, designed to stop upon the unplugging of the cable. The cable has been extended by connecting several separate lengths of cable with one another.

Procedure:  After the drone was activated, it was set on a straight vertical course. It proceeded to ascend for the next three hours, in which, according to plan, subsequent segments of the cable were added. After reaching an altitude of sixty kilometers, the drone revealed the presence of a void. In the following seconds, the cable was pulled taut and then dropped to the ground. The drone crash landed on the next day; the device was greatly damaged, most probably due to the powerful impact.

Conclusion:  After reaching an altitude of sixty kilometers, a void appeared for unknown reasons. It is not known what damaged the drone specifically, but further height surveying has been put on hold due to the high risk of materials loss as well the physical injuries of the ground team, several of whom suffered serious bone fractures due to a falling cable.

Dr. B███████'s Note:  That was a good idea, but we have to admit, we didn't know that something up there would destroy our robot. The presence of the void is surprising because it appeared suddenly. I still wonder about one thing, though- what the hell detached the drone from its cable and then damaged it that much?
附加记录：    

Notice: The following tests were executed with the use of Class-D Personnel. 



Test #5 

Objective:  Length survey of SCP-PL-066-2.

Testing Personnel/Equipment:  Class-D personnel equipped with a communication device connected to measurement equipment located at the base of a five kilometer long cable. Tester was issued a food ration in the form of eight energy bars and two bottles of water, and was also issued one standard flashlight with batteries.

Procedure:  After passing the area perimeter, tester stated that the smell of ozone is perceptible in the air. Testing subject was instructed to walk forward in a straight line. Subject walked for the next seventy minutes, after which the cable ended. Subject was instructed to return. Upon returning, the subject claimed having seen more footprints than just the ones he left.

Conclusion:  Ozone concentration is beyond the area perimeter. The presence of a greater number of footprints in the sand remains unexplained.

Dr. B███████'s Note:  I know that it's Class-D, but god damn it, would you want to go god knows how far for so long? Let's give them some vehicles, it will be faster.
附加记录：    



Test #6 

Objective:  See Test #5.

Testing Personnel/Equipment:  Class-D subject equipped with a special battery vehicle connected to the base by a sixty kilometer long cable. The vehicle is fitted with two headlights to illuminate the way in front of it. Testing subject is issued five energy bars and two bottles of water, as well as a special suit allowing him to remain in the void.

Procedure:  Test subject was instructed to drive forward in a straight line. After two hours, the cable ended and the vehicle passed the void border. The subject claimed to see a small, glowing dot in the distance. Subject exited the vehicle and walked away. According to the test subject, the dot does not seem to move. Subject was then instructed to return. On his way back, subject reports observing footprints around the tracks of his vehicle's wheels.

Conclusion:  Follow-up tests have been scheduled to examine the nature of the mysterious light. Presence of footprints in the sand remains unexplained.

Dr. B███████'s Note:  So there is something on this shithole! We have to check out what our mysterious friend is.
附加记录：    



Test #7 

Objective:  To ascertain the nature of unexplained light source reported during Test #6.

Testing Personnel/Equipment:  Class-D employee equipped with the same items as in the previous tests, but the cable's length was increased to seventy kilometers.

Procedure:  After passing the void border at sixty kilometers beyond the area perimeter, test subject confirms the presence of the light source previously sighted during Test #6. Employee is instructed to drive until the end of the cable. After two kilometers, subject claims to see around one hundred lights on the horizon, which all appear to be motionless. Subject returned unilaterally due to a sensation of being observed.

Conclusion:  The number of lights may exceed one hundred. It's possible that they are living beings.
附加记录：    



Test #8 

Objective:  See Test #7.

Testing Personnel/Equipment:  Class-D personnel equipped with the same items as in Test #7.

Procedure:  After passing the void border sixty kilometers beyond the area perimeter, test subject reports the lights occupying the whole horizon. Subject claims to hear a low hum from the direction of the light sources, though they do not seem to move. Subject returns unilaterally due to a potent sensation of being heard and observed. During the return trip, subject reports feeling followed and the wheels' tracks were surrounded from all sides and covered by footprints.

Conclusion:  The number of lights is unspecified, though it is estimated to be in the thousands.

Dr. B███████'s Note:  It's beginning to become frightening. I think that one more expedition is just enough. I really hope that these things won't begin to wander in our direction.
附加记录：    



Test #9 

Objective:  Determining whether the lights are mobile or not. Final experiment.

Testing Personnel/Equipment:  Class-D subject equipped with the same items as in previous tests. However, cable length was decreased to forty kilometers.

Procedure:  After driving about thirty-seven kilometers, test subject states that the entire horizon is covered in the lights. He also reports an alarming sensation of being observed from all directions and intense sounds of low humming. After turning back, the return way was also occupied by these lights. Contact with test subject was subsequently lost and the cable, along with the vehicle, was hauled back to the area. Class-D employee declared MIA, and the vehicle showed signs of being subjected to high pressures and temperatures.

Conclusion:  The lights are getting increasingly closer to the area and appear to be hostile to human beings. Preparations to evacuate from SCP-PL-066-2 were ordered.

Dr. B███████'s Note:  Looks like I said too much, the thing I feared about the most just happened. To hell with this, let's take the equipment and get out of this lousy place, I'd like to see the sun and green grass again, not darkness and concrete dust.
附加记录：    

Taking the result of the last experiment into consideration, SCP-PL-066-2 underwent evacuation of all personnel and equipment present there.




DisplayReport

HideReport


Following the conclusion of Test #9, the reported lights appeared on the horizon, visible from the area, and gradually gained in intensity. Within a week, these light sources had surrounded the area at a distance of about one kilometer, and their shape appeared to become long. On the final day of Foundation presence in SCP-PL-066-2, the lights were approximately two hundred meters away. Due to intense humming noises, personnel experienced dizziness, nausea, and hallucinations. One day post-evacuation, one Class-D test subject was sent for a last recon mission inside SCP-PL-066-2. After about one minute, subject came out running, screaming unintelligibly, and was pacified by the guards present. Subject stated that, through a window, he saw an unnaturally long and emaciated face with big, empty eyes, and without visible nose and mouth, gleaming with a dim, blue light. Several minutes later, subject committed suicide by repeatedly beating his own head with a rock. SCP-PL-066-1 was closed and sealed with a metal lid. On the following day, a humming could be heard from below the trapdoor. Due to the nature of the object, which seems to work like a portal, a proposal to demolish the entrance using explosives was submitted, citing security concerns.

Demolition is believed to be able to neutralize the object.




                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                wooden
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            21 Aug 2020 14:47
            
            Edit
+17)
Tags
Discuss (2)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Portalul Seriilor de Informatica
                      
              Facultatea de Matematica si Informatica, Universitatea din Bucuresti
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            uberOptions
                      
              Enable all options on all buttons in SetPoint
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chess Variants Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Generalia
                      
              your one-stop shop for all things generals.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

