                        


Item #:  SCP-2752

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Mobile Task Force Alpha-4 () is tasked with the identification and interception of SCP-2752 instances before they are sent to the addresses of their respective recipients. A scanned copy of each recovered SCP-2752 instance is to be produced, and stored in Archival Sector 7 at Site-64. After scanning, original copies may be incinerated.

Persons affected by SCP-2752 are to be held at E-class holding cells at Site-64, and undergo weekly medical checkups. At the discretion of the attending Medical Officer, invasive surgical procedures may be enacted on such persons to prevent health complications attributed to SCP-2752.

Description:  SCP-2752 refers to a series of letters mailed to New Zealand addresses, offering advertising mail opt-out services to recipients. The sender is attributed to an organisation named 'Robinson Toʊ Liz', which is not listed as a registered company in New Zealand or any polity known to the Foundation. No return address is found in confiscated SCP-2752 instances. To date, all known instances of SCP-2752 are sent solely to male individuals aged between 20 to 60 and with legal addresses in New Zealand cities.

When SCP-2752 is read by its intended recipient (hereon referred to as 'subject'), the following anomalous occurrences will manifest:

Cessation of mail letters (advertising mail or otherwise) sent to the address of the subjects instances. Through the use of letters equipped with a GPS tracker, letters are shown to have vanished when placed inside a mailbox. Hand-delivered mail letters are exempted from this effect.
Claircognizance regarding the contents of mail letters that would be sent to the subjects. This occurs after said letters are placed in a mailbox.
Traces of black dye manifested in subject's urinary system, particularly the kidney, bladder and urethra.
Manifestation of paper pieces inside subject's internal organs, including stomach, large intestines, lungs, kidney etc.


Scanned and handwritten copies of SCP-2752 do not possess this effect on their intended recipient.

SCP-2752 was identified on ██/██/1974 in Auckland, New Zealand when multiple paper strips were found in the lungs of PoI-2752-01 (Mr. █████ ████) after a surgery. While initially believed to be an isolated incident, similar cases were identified in other New Zealand cities and SCP-2752 was officially classified.

Addendum 2752-1:  Interview Log PoI-2752-04-13 [Date: ██/██/1975]



Interviewee:  PoI-2752-04 (Mr. ████ ███████)

Interviewer:  Dr. Aster Black

Foreword:  The following interview is conducted at PoI-2752-04's request.

 

Dr. Black:  ███████, I heard you have requested for me. So what's wrong?

PoI-2752-04:  Doctor, 'wrong' is an understatement. I've received another letter uh, up here.

[PoI-2752-A04 points to its forehead.]

Dr. Black:  ███████, we've debriefed on this already. This is a difficult time, but-

PoI-2752-04:  It was from Robinson Toʊ Liz.

Dr. Black:  Okay, I'm listening. What did they say?

PoI-2752-04:  The usual 'thank you for using us' crap. But they sure have a weird way of expressing they have fucked up.

Dr. Black:  Please give me some examples of these expressions.

PoI-2752-04:  That they didn't know that cellulose is indigestible, or that ink poisoning is a thing. And the biological peculiarities of the so-called humans of this plane, that was underlined and a direct quote. They also gave us compensation, a cheque with a very large sum of money in yen.

Dr. Black:  Do you recall the value?

PoI-2752-04:  960,000,000,000 yen, precisely that amount. But doctor if this is anything like the rest of their so-called service, I'm not getting any real money, am I?

Dr. Black:  We will have to wait and see first.

 

Closing Statement:  Interviews with other subjects indicate that they have received similar letters from 'Robinson Toʊ Liz'. The value offered by 'Robinson Toʊ Liz' is consistent among all subjects, at a value of ¥960,000,000,000.
附加记录：    

Addendum 2752-2:  On ██/██/1975, postage stamps are found manifested underneath the tongues of all known subjects.Dai-tō-a – Malai Baru.

No anomalous quality has been identified among recovered stamps. All instances of said postage stamps are provisionally kept in Storage Sector 2 at Site-64, and slated for incineration.

Footnotes
1. This includes the corpses of currently deceased subjects, with said stamps manifested from within the ashes of said instances.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            10 Dec 2018 03:38
            
            Edit
+62)
Tags
Discuss (26)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Porsche Wiki
                      
              Brought to You By RedLine Technik | RedLineTechnik.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Green House Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            สถาบัน SCP
                      
              ควบคุม, กักกัน, ป้องกัน
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Elogee Chamber
                      
              Ike for President
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

