                        


Item #:  SCP-2994

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2994-1 to -27 are to be kept in two standard Safe-class lockers. Intravenous feeding tubes and catheters should be connected at all times, except when testing. A veterinarian should monitor them to ensure their continued health. SCP-2994 instances and their containment lockers are to be cleaned daily. Testing requires permission from a Level 2 Researcher. SCP-2994-28 is to be kept in a separate locker, and monitored constantly.

Description:  SCP-2994-1 through -27 are externally identical to small whiteboards, brand unknown, with each being 40cm x 30cm x 5cm. Instances of SCP-2994 are alive, possessing internal organs. Genetic testing has revealed a strong similarity to Canis familiaris, or the domestic dog. Three orifices are present; one, on the back face, is used for egestion, another, situated on the forward face, for breathing, and next to it a third, which is used for sustenance intake. SCP-2994 instances possess no teeth, and it is theorised that they subsisted on liquid food before containment. The brains of SCP-2994 instances have been modified artifically1.

Instances of SCP-2994 are inactive until a human writes on them with a dry erase marker pen, which causes them to display simple incomplete phrases in German. They accomplish this using chromatophores, which are most densely situated underneath the top face, forming a grid of lines in a similar configuration to a seven-segment display, which then illuminate in a way that forms letters. If no attempt is made to answer after marking it, the phrases will fade over the course of approximately two minutes. If the blanks are filled in incorrectly, the board will display an encouraging message, and if three mistakes are made, the board will fill in half of the missing letters. If the blanks are filled in correctly, the instance of SCP-2994 will congratulate the user, displaying messages such as , respectively). If expletives are written on an instance, it will turn a bright red colour and emit a loud, high-pitched whistle until the expletives have been erased.

SCP-2994-28 is similar to other instances of SCP-2994, but with far fewer augumentations to its brain and a cruder make up; the internal organs are more cramped, with some pushing against major nerve bundles. SCP-2994-28 is unresponsive to external stimuli, and manifests messages at irregular intervals in crude English. These messages all have similar themes (see addendum 2).

Addendum:  SCP-2994-1 through 27 were discovered in ██████ ███████ Elementary School in Moses Lake, Washington, when parents reported  in one class during an open house. When questioned, the children claimed that a German teacher, Ms A████ S█████████, had brought them in from home for use in their lessons three months prior. Grades had improved significantly for that class since. All individuals involved were administered Class-A amnestics, with the children exposed to SCP-2994 over the longer period being monitored for █ years in case of recollection.

A raid on S█████████'s house by Foundation agents led to the discovery of SCP-2994-28, and several dog carcasses missing most of their internal organs. Some of the dogs were microchipped, and later identified as having gone missing between twelve and seven months prior to the raid. However, rates of decomposition pointed to them having died between eight and four months prior. An exception was a dog traced to S█████████ herself, which had been killed fourteen months earlier. As of ██/██/20██, attempts to trace S█████████ have been unsuccessful.
Addendum 2:  Sample texts manifested by SCP-2994-28 during containment. Grammar and spelling have been unaltered.



Date
Text


12/06/05
are you there


04/11/09
it hurts


13/09/11
please make it stop


02/12/13
i dont know what i did rong but im sorry


21/03/14
please help me


31/06/14
kill me


12/08/14
i still love you



Footnotes
1. For current leading theories on the origin and precise effects of SCP-2994 brain modifications, see: Cambridge, Jack, “Tabula Rasa: Neurological Modification As Present In SCP-2994” Biophysics: An SCP Foundation Journal (2010): 359.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                tool
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            27 Oct 2019 17:57
            
            Edit
+59)
Tags
Discuss (36)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SMD超现实管制处
                      
              异常 中转 管理
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Insu Sandbox
                      
              All you need is a shovel... and a sacrifice.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chess Variants Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Variable Thinking Wiki
                      
              Life is a word problem
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

