                        



Item #:  SCP-002-PT

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Covert operatives of the Foundation shall inspect registers and shops for remittance records for any signs of SCP-002-PT reissues. Seized copies should be arranged as detailed in Protocol OBJ-002-PT-0. There are currently 40 polypropylene sealed copies that should be retained in the Archives 66-002 of Storage Site-66, which should be inspected daily to verify that all 40 copies in stock have not been tampered with or removed. Tests covering SCP-002-PT, SCP-002-PT-A or SCP-002-PT-B must be approved by three (3) personnel with Clearance Level 3 or higher.

Uncontained subjects affected by SCP-002-PT-A must undergo a psychological evaluation and moved to standard humanoid containment cells at the Humanoid Containment Site-22. Psychological follow-up and treatment should be performed in accordance with Protocol 002-PT-AB-VS, and individual cases should be reassessed on a monthly basis, which should be detailed in a report submitted for evaluation by the current Lead Researcher of SCP-002. Based on such reports, subjects with improved mental health displaying cooperative behavior should be transferred to Site-26 (officially registered as 1) for permanent community stay.

Description:  SCP-002-PT are editions of the Brazilian fashion and teen lifestyle magazine titled Capricious from February 4, 2014, comprised by 80 pages in offset paper colours with 20.2cm x 26.6 Ms. Linzmeyer denies any involvement with the cover photo and Editor ████ states that it has no records of such publication ever being made.

Articles published in SCP-002-PT vary in gender, and content type; with themes of fashion, beauty, daily life, platonic, romantic, and sexual relationships, directed at an adolescent and adult female audience, containing abrasive, and inappropriate comments and advice that reference negative characteristics of possible readers to incite them to commit acts of self-mutilation, and even suicide.

SCP-002-PT displays no anomalous properties unless the contents of its pages are read by a sentient humanoid being who can understand Portuguese in a formal modality; subjects who read at least 40% of the content of SCP-002-PT6 until now. None of the individuals affected by SCP-002-PT-A have been observed physically exhibiting the reported characteristics.

SCP-002-PT also appears to have an amnestic or memory-affecting properties; after exposure to SCP-002-PT-A, subjects report that they have always perceived of themselves as well as other individuals with such characteristics, although tests show that subjects have normal cognition and personal conceptions (for individuals of similar age) prior to their exposure to the object. Application of amnestics did not succeed in reverting subjects to their mental states before the exposure to SCP-002-PT, but behavioral therapies7 were successful in influencing those affected by SCP-002-PT-A to be perceived with the same characteristics present in SCP-002-PT-B, which significantly reduces mental disorders previously presented. Studies about effective treatments for complete cancellation of cognitive disorders have not been successful but are in progress.

SCP-002-PT was discovered on May 2014 after a considerable increase in suicide rate and diagnoses of psychosis and schizophrenia in adolescents from densely populated metropolitan areas, mainly ████ █████████-██ and █████ ██ ██████-██. When subjects admitted to hospitals and psychiatric wards (without previous history of diagnosed symptoms) were asked about the reason for such sudden behavior, they said they were afflicted by a strong feeling of inadequacy, related to the presence of specific transfigurations in their bodies (now classified as SCP-002-PT-A) compared to characteristics considered normal and desirable (classified as SCP-002-PT-B). When questioned about what led to the brutal methods of self-mutilation frequently observed, some subjects mentioned reading about such in a magazine aimed at the young female audience, although they did not recall specific details. Investigations in the residence of one of the subjects8 led to the discovery of SCP-002-PT (later confirmed as the journal mentioned by the respondents and in past or present possession of other subjects affected by SCP-002-PT-A), which was suspected and subsequently confirmed to have potential cognitive risks, based on observations of its disturbing content. 40 instances of the object are stored in File 66-002 of Storage-66, intended for possible future experiments.

+

-Hide


SCP-002-PT-A mainly affects young humans between 10 and 17 years of age, although rare cases have been reported in individuals between the ages of 8 and 52 years.10 like:

Scalp and hair follicles with texture and appearance similar to a poriferous material, wood and decaying algae;
Epidermis with texture and appearance similar to human tissue with varying levels of infection and/or putrefaction, sewage residue, semi-digested foods combined with bile and fecal material (human or rural animals);11
Atrial cartilage, nasal pyramid and lips (upper and lower) comprised of protruding and dilated tumours, ranging in size from 5.5
Body constitution and height simultaneously feeling inadequately skinny, fat (from 35m).


These described symptoms often influence subjects to reach extremes in attempts to 'fix' their appearance by means of cosmetic application of toxic chemicals in their bodies and extreme self-mutilation, with the purpose of shaping their physical appearance in order to bring it closer to that of subjects designed as SCP-002-PT-B  which is how individuals affected by SCP-002-PT-A perceive other human beings, both personally and by artistic representations.

SCP-002-PT-B consists of characteristics fundamentally contrary to those of SCP-002-PT-A, such as:

Scalp and hair follicles with texture and appearance similar to organic materials such as silk, cotton and/or bird feathers;
Epidermis with texture and appearance similar to various solidified beverages and crystallized fruits, including but not limited to milk, coffee, chocolate, peach, vanilla and cinnamon;
Atrial cartilage, nasal pyramid and concave upper and lower lips, submerged up to 5
Body constitution and a cm to 1.85cm).


It is to be noted that subjects affected by SCP-002-PT-B do not suffer any cognitive disturbance and such changes are limited only by the designed conception of subjects affected by SCP-002-PT-A; in addition, subjects affected by SCP-002-PT-A also see other subjects affected by the same anomalous effects with the appearance of SCP-002-PT-B.




+SCP-002-PT

-Hide


Foreword:  The following is an excerpt from one of the featured articles contained in SCP-002-PT for example purposes. The complete content present in the object (as well as illustrations not included in this sample) can be found on the Document 002-PT-1.



Beauty Guide: How to Improve Your Look?

By Capricious Redacting

Take care of the skin, the hair You still have time to see and learn everything that has to be put into practice before going back to school!
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Do you love makeup, producing12 yourself, and consuming everything that involves the beauty universe? So enjoy going back to school to try a new look, treat your hair and do other things to take care of your visual. Believe me: there's still time, baby, but you better run!
1. Renew thine skin

I bet after this summer you must be feeling hor-ri-ble, even more with that greasy, burnt skin, practically falling apart! Even dung must be more hydrated than you during this summer, don't you think? I bet you must be thinking now: 

Fret not, my girls! There are lots of super creative ways you can invent to actually polish this sewage compost and rotten meat that you call skin through super effective homemade moisturizers, like bee honey mixed with sugar, avocado with aloe vera extract mixed with rainwater, homemade bleach, sandpaper, graters, or better yet: All together! If you're creative you can make it all fit into one allowance.
2. Treat your hair

Anyone who has spent this suuuper hot holidays enjoying the Sun, sea or just staying at home watching the hottest shows should already be noticing the consequences of cooling their heads for so long. If you are only now realizing how much your hair is porous, dry and rotten, like someone who literally took a nuclear bomb to the face compared to those hypnotizing silk threads of the diva ███████ ███████, I bet you're itching to know what to do about it, urgently. So let's put your hand in the dough!13

Use a hair plank, Babyliss and mousse  do not waste it if you really want to shake that mane on the way back to class just in the most smooth  and tame way as possible! For a hair like yours, the treatment of the current trend is the progressive brush with jabuticaba (just don't eat it!). Do you have the allowance? Get a flatiron (yes, that one from your mother) and warm up that scalp! For more effective results, try to make a mixture of ██████, ████ syrup, chlorine and ███████████ of █████: mix everything in a bucket and sink your head for about 5 minutes, it'll be MARVELOUS!
3. Make an innovative makeup

Think of a makeup that you would love to produce, but it seems impossible to look good on you thanks to this set of inflamed boils that you call 'face'. I bet you've seen, like, 5 tutorials to try and make contour like ██████ █████ and you ended looking like a clown who got caught and had her face deep into a fryer full of hot oil and charcoal, right? No shame, you can admit. Do you think there's no way to fix this face? Here's the tip (it works even when you need to cook!): There's stuff you can't reuse, and it's easier to it throw away. Take a knife, blowtorch, whatever you have available and start to cut everything that you can until your face is smooth, but you have to work hard, it's no use giving up on the first sign of difficulty (tip: a sock in the throat isolates any noise, and still distracts you from the pain!). When you notice that you are exfoliated enough, use lots of mask and eyeliner to highlight your new fantastic and super attractive  mouth, plus a blush in your favourite pink shade on those cheeks, giving that colour. For detailed tips on how to take advantage of makeup trends, see page 20!

None of these tricks worked? Can not stand your shameful existence any longer? Here's the best trick to solve any nuisance you may have with your out-of-season look:
4. Finish with style

According to research from the University of ████████, California, these are the most effective  means to commit suicide, but do not think these are the only ones: be creative! ;)

[REDACTED] 
附加记录：    




Footnotes
1. Retiro is literally translated as , but in this case, it means a retirement home.
2. A complete list of materials contained in the edition can be found in Document 002-PT-1.
3. With the exception of the cover photo, all photos and illustrations present in the edition are redistributed images with authorship originating from third parties, but none of the published materials appears in other past or future editions of the magazine (as the official edition later published on April 222014).
4. Not including images or alien data, such as details of the issue or the index. How SCP-002-PT identifies the amount of content that was read is currently unknown.
5. Primarily body dysmorphic disorder (BDD), in addition to disorders such as anxiety, major Dysthymia, substance abuse, compulsion to self-mutilation and suicidal ideation.
6. These effects are not induced by reading textual, visual, auditory or reflexive reproductions of the object's contents, or when it is exposed to subjects without an understanding of the Portuguese language.
7. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT), Dialectical Behavioral Therapy (DBT), and regulated doses of Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs) in conjunction with group therapy.
8. M████ C████, admitted to Medical Ward of the Clinical Sector ██████ ████████ after a suicide attempt by drowning.
9. Among 20 Class-D employees (10 men and 10 women aged 25-30 years) exposed to SCP-002-PT, only 1 had symptoms of SCP-002-PT-A (more details on experiments related to SCP-002 -PT can be found in Experiment Record 002).
10. Accurate data on these characteristics were collected based on the reports of affected subjects, susceptible to future re-evaluation.
11. The quantity or absence of each material varies from subject to subject.
12.  being Brazillian slang for applying heavy makeup.
13. .


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Oct 2018 13:48
            
            Edit
+23)
Tags
Discuss (5)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Demons Souls English Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            VyprMedia
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Great Dane 28 owners club
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Science Online London
                      
              How is the Web changing science?
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

