                        




File photo of , first discovered specimen of SCP-1318



Item #:  SCP-1318

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures : Specimens of SCP-1318 are to be kept in individual wire cages in a secured room in a facility otherwise devoid of laboratory animals. Due to the nature of the cognitive hazard presented by SCP-1318, no research staff shall be permitted to interact directly with specimens. Any experiments involving specimens are to be carried out by appropriately trained class-D personnel under remote observation by the assigned researcher.

Experimental protocols should be designed to strictly limit the duration of exposure to SCP-1318 specimens. No individual class-D is to be scheduled for this duty more than once per week. Under no circumstances should any personnel be assigned duty which would increase their cumulative exposure time to SCP-1318 to over 16 hours.

Any personnel showing signs of excessive SCP-1318 exposure are to be treated with amnestics and must undergo a thorough psychological examination before returning to duty. If delusions persist after drug treatment and counseling, disability leave may be granted at the discretion of the project lead. Class-D personnel experiencing persistent delusions are to be terminated.

Description : SCP-1318 is a spontaneously occurring phenomenon found in an estimated 0.0001% of specimens of the Long-Evans strain of Rattus norvegicus1, the Norwegian Brown Rat. Instances are indistinguishable from other Long-Evans specimens in size, intelligence, appearance, and lifespan. However, humans spending 20-80 cumulative hours in close proximity (approximately 3m) to an SCP-1318 specimen develop the following delusional complex:

That the specimen is sapient, and capable of speech.
That the specimen is a subject-matter expert in their field of employment.
That their  originate from conversations with the specimen.
That these properties of SCP-1318 are possibly hereditary, and that any offspring of the specimen should be exempt from experimentation pending unspecified .
That possession of SCP-1318 provides significant competitive advantage, precluding the sharing of data about specimens with outside organizations.


In addition to this cumulative effect, persons introduced to an SCP-1318 specimen by an affected individual will immediately be affected by the delusional system.2

While affected persons report that they hear the SCP-1318 specimen speaking, review of recordings of such  reveal that affected persons are, in fact, subvocalizing the specimen's responses to their queries. No reported responses were found to lie outside of the knowledge domain of the affected individual.

SCP-1318 was discovered when a routine performance review in 1993 found that productivity at the biosciences laboratory at Research Site-27 had declined by 75% in a 6-month period without a corresponding decline in research quality. An internal audit of the facility determined that the entire staff of the lab were affected by delusions pertaining to a male SCP-1318 specimen whom they dubbed . Two members of the audit team were likewise affected before the nature of the hazard was determined.

All affected personnel were interviewed and treated with amnestics, though 15% of staff suffered from persistent delusional states and were subsequently relieved of duty.  was determined to have entered the facility as part of a routine delivery of model organisms from Charles River Laboratories. No anomalous properties were detected in any other specimens in the shipment.

Interview Log 1318-1-5 



Agent Davidson : Good morning, Mr. Mooney. I would like to ask a few questions about the model organism designated SCP-1318-1.

Researcher Mooney : Uh. Hey, sure. There sure are a lot of you internal affairs guys around. Is everything  okay?

Agent Davidson : This is an information-gathering exercise, not a disciplinary hearing. Now, what can you tell me about SCP-1318-1.

Researcher Mooney : You mean Frankie, right?

Agent Davidson : Yes, I believe the staff refer to it as .

Researcher Mooney : Oh, Frankie's great. He's real easy to talk to and he's got a head for organic chemistry like nobody I've ever seen.

Agent Davidson : How did you discover its anomalous properties?

Researcher Mooney : Well, a couple months ago I was getting really stuck trying to synthesize one of the components from the SCP-███ fluid, and I was bitching about it in the lunchroom. Kowalski from Virology says to me,  and I'm like, who the fuck is Frankie?

Agent Davidson : So Researcher Kowalski introduced you to the specimen?

Researcher Mooney : Yeah. He takes me into this mostly empty storeroom, nothing in there except this big cage with one little rat in it, and I'm like 

Agent Davidson : Referring to the rat.

Researcher Mooney : Yeah. So I'm just about to punch Kowalski in the mouth for taking me on a snipe hunt, when he starts talking to Frankie. And Frankie starts talking back.

Agent Davidson : What were they discussing?

Researcher Mooney : Oh, Kowalski is like . It was weird too, cuz you'd think a little rat like that would have a squeaky voice or something, but he just sounded like a regular guy.

Agent Davidson : Was your discussion with the organism fruitful?

Researcher Mooney : Yeah! It was amazing, I just told him what I was trying to do and he walked me through a possible synthesis as easy as giving directions to the grocery store. I took it back to the lab and it worked the first time.

Agent Davidson : And you continued to consult with the organism?

Researcher Mooney : Yeah, I did. By the end of the month most of the guys in the lab were talking to Frankie when they got stuck on something. That little bastard can talk about almost anything you throw at him, you know?

Agent Davidson : Why did you not disclose the presence of the anomaly?

Researcher Mooney : Um. Well. It sounds stupid when I say now, but everyone in the bio lab kind of figured that Frankie was our secret weapon? Everyone was doing amazing work and we figured we'd keep it to ourselves for a little bit.

Agent Davidson : Our records show that while the quality of work coming from your labs was consistently high, there was a precipitous drop in total output. If the organism was so helpful, how do you account for this?

Researcher Mooney : Yeah, um. So it was a couple of things, I guess. The biggest problem is that there are only so many hours in the day, and Frankie's asleep for half of them. So the scheduling got to be a little hairy.

Agent Davidson : People were unable to proceed until they could consult with the organism?

Researcher Mooney : Well, it's like you know you could get going without talking to Frankie, but once you talk to him, you'll probably have to start over anyway, so why bother? Also, lots of people's time was taken up with the breeding program.

Agent Davidson : Breeding program.

Researcher Mooney : Yeah, we figured we couldn't keep it to ourselves forever, and how great would it be if every lab in the Foundation had their own Frankie?

Agent Davidson : That will be all for now, Mr. Mooney.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. This phenomenon appears to be restricted to the Long-Evans strain, and has never been witnessed in other laboratory strains or wild specimens.
2. An  consists of addressing the specimen as a sentient being who is being made acquainted with the unaffected individual.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                species
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 10:01
            
            Edit
+239)
Tags
Discuss (41)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            RSC Institution
                      
              Research, Secure, Contain
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Marvel Revolution MUCK
                      
              Join the Revolution
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            O5 Command
                      
              Why they changed it I cant say. People just liked it better that way
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Vakfı Sandbox
                      
              Atış poligonu
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

