                        


Item #:  SCP-1460

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1460 is kept in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site ██. Contact or experimentation with SCP-1460 outside of standard medical care may only be performed with prior permission from at least two (2) senior research personnel.

SCP-1460 is to be administered a pentobarbital/thiopental regimen daily. Until further notice, use of medication outside of that required for basic medical care has been suspended.

Elements of Mobile Task Force Gamma-5 () have been deployed to the areas affected by SCP-1460 and have standing authorization to administer amnestics as necessary to maintain secrecy and minimize disruption of the civilian population.

Description:  SCP-1460 is a 32-year old male Asian-American identified as [REDACTED], a former resident of the city of ████, ██, USA. SCP-1460 has been in a coma for the past eight (8) years, of which the last seven (7) have been in Foundation care, as a result of a traffic accident on █/██/██ in which a public transit bus struck and critically injured SCP-1460 while he was walking to his place of employment. SCP-1460 was transferred to a regional hospital due to a lack of appropriate trauma facilities at the local hospital, and came to the Foundation's attention following multiple discrepancies found during a routine review of hospital medical records.

Despite SCP-1460's condition, individuals involved in his daily life have reportedly been in contact with him during the entirety of the interval in which he has been comatose and are not aware of his current condition. Although there is a complete lack of corroboration from locally available surveillance footage, friends and family have reported that SCP-1460 has lived for the last ten (10) years in a low-income apartment in ████, and has been employed at a local supermarket for the same duration, where work is done that is attributed to SCP-1460. Furthermore, records of bank transactions and ATM usage are periodically registered which are attributable to SCP-1460, which also do not appear on bank or ATM surveillance video, despite corroboration from bank employees regarding SCP-1460's activity.

Addendum 1460-01:  Excerpt from Interview 1460-03B

Date:  ██/█/██

Subject:  Mrs. L████ H███████ (Mother of SCP-1460)

Interviewer:  Agent E████ (Undercover)



Agent E████:  Thank you for your time, Mrs. H███████. We'd just like to ask you some quick questions about [REDACTED].

Mrs. H███████:  Sure thing.

Agent E████:  What do you remember about when he was released from the hospital?

Mrs. H███████:  Oh, we were so relieved to be able to finally get him out of there. He hadn't really talked the entire time he was in there, you see, so we were really glad.

Agent E████:  Do you remember which day you picked him up, exactly?

Mrs. H███████:  Of course, it was huh, come to think of it, I can't remember what day it was. I must have been so concentrated on making sure ████ was okay that I didn't really pay attention to anything else.
附加记录：    

Addendum 1460-02:  Excerpt from Interview 1460-09A

Date:  ██/██/██

Subject:  Mr. G███ V█████████ (General Manager of [REDACTED] Supermarket)

Interviewer:  Agent E████ (Undercover)



Agent E████:  What can you tell us about [REDACTED]?

Mr. V█████████:  You want to know about ████? He's alright, kinda quiet, sticks to himself. Shows up on time every day, does his job decently, doesn't stick out but definitely not the worst kid I have.

Agent E████:  Has he exhibited any strange behavior since his accident? I mean, has he been acting strange in any way?

Mr. V█████████:  No, not really, just a normal guy. He's not in any kind of trouble, is he?

Agent E████:  No sir, this is just a confidential followup on behalf of the hospital.

Mr. V█████████:  Okay, well, if you want to talk to him he should be here in about half an hour or so.
附加记录：    

Addendum 1460-03:  Incident Log 1460-03

On ██/█/██, approval was given to administer a pentobarbital/thiopental regimen to SCP-1460 in order to induce a deeper comatose state. Within a week of doing so, local Foundation agents reported a sudden onset of mass confusion in individuals affected by SCP-1460. The experiment was suspended shortly afterward, and Class B amnestics administered as necessary. Further attempts to suppress or neutralize SCP-1460 have also been suspended indefinitely.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                telepathic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            05 Nov 2019 13:53
            
            Edit
+210)
Tags
Discuss (29)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            iSchool High
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            山德森寰宇祕典
                      
              星河之間，無垠之上
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Special Ed Wiki
                      
              sarah irvine belson (sarah@american.edu)
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            文殊阁
                      
              梦开始的地方
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

