                        


Item #:  SCP-1593

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-1593 is to be contained in a reinforced steel safe in Storage Unit 12, located at Site 35. Any transportation of SCP-1593 is to be achieved via mechanical means. No personnel are to make contact with SCP-1593 under any circumstances. In the event that a member of personnel does become affected by SCP-1593, the affected limb or region is to be removed immediately. In cases where this is not possible, the affected individual is to be terminated.

Any experimentation involving SCP-1593 must be authorized by at least one individual holding Level 3 security clearance.

Description:  SCP-1593 is a human finger bone, specifically a proximal phalanx, which is believed to have originated from an adult female. Several markings have been carved into SCP-1593, some of which appear to have been scratched out with some form of sharp implement. The meaning of these markings is currently unknown. SCP-1593's anomalous effects first become apparent when a human being makes contact with SCP-1593 with any part of their body.1

After making contact with SCP-1593, the affected individual will perceive all objects they touch to have the texture of skin, bone or decomposing flesh. In cases where the individual is not already aware of the nature of the object they are touching, they will believe that the object is in fact a dead body, claiming to be able to distinguish aspects of the non-existent corpse such as missing body parts or specific injuries. Significant amounts of this second kind of perception will lead to SCP-1593's effects moving on to the next stage.

The affected individual will become convinced at some point that one of the 'corpses' they have touched has grabbed hold of the part of their body which originally made contact with SCP-1593, believing that they are slowly being pulled towards an unspecified location.

The part of the individual's body which first made contact with SCP-1593 will begin to disappear at this point. Despite its absence, the affected individual will suffer no physical discomfort, as blood will flow as if the affected region was still present and the individual will report that they are still able to feel it. In cases where the absence of certain parts of the body would result in other parts not being able to support themselves, these parts of the body will float in place and still be usable by the individual, even if the body part is completely unconnected to the rest of the body.

The individual will believe that any part of their body which has disappeared is in an underground location full of dead bodies, and is being pulled by a skeletal hand. They will often become extremely distressed at this point, although this is not believed to be an anomalous effect on the part of SCP-1593.

This condition will spread throughout the body until the entirety of the individual has disappeared, advancing more quickly if the affected individual is dead or unconscious.

Interview Log 1593-1: 

Transcript of a conversation between Dr. ████ and D-2913. SCP-1593's effects had resulted in D-2913 missing their left arm and most of their upper torso when the interview took place.



 

Dr. ████:  Can you tell me what you can feel with your left arm?

D-2913:  It's somewhere underground, I think. There's the thing grabbing me, but I'veI've already told you about that. Can you just get this thing off me? Please?

Dr. ████:  Can you tell me about it again for the record? We need to get this down officially.

D-2913:  There's a hand grabbing my wrist. It's real bony, I think it might be a skeleton. You'd think it would be easy to get off, what with all the missing fingers, but it's strong as shit. It's alluh, crispy? Burnt or something, you know?

Dr. ████:  I see. Is there anything else you'd like to tell me about your surroundings?

D-2913:  There'sthere's dead bodies. (visibly distressed) My hand's caught between two of them, I think. The thing keeps tugging on it, but it can't get me loose. I think I might be safe, it might just give up, right?

Dr. ████:  Maybe it will.

D-2913:  Yeah, I think itI think it will. But, uh, Doc, if it doesn't, could you just shoot me or something? I don't want to go in there. Please.

 
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Protective gear has been found not to prevent SCP-1593's effects.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                tactile
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 10:25
            
            Edit
+98)
Tags
Discuss (21)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Sandbox
                      
              Réservé aux auteurs et traducteurs du Wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiNorron
                      
              Almost as good as the guide, maybe better!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            UCSD Grad Students
                      
              ...the information exchange and virtual community
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            美國城鎮旅遊網
                      
              美國城市旅遊逛街活動指南
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

