                        


Item #:  SCP-2814

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2814 is to be contained in a steel security box. Access to this box requires the approval of two (2) Level 4 personnel, at least one of which must be the Site Director. SCP-2814 is not to be worn outside of approved testing; violation of this protocol warrants immediate termination.

In the event of containment breach, SCP-2814-1 is to be regarded as a Keter-level threat. SCP-2814-1 must be terminated as quickly as possible in these situations, preferably through the use of conventional weaponry. Personnel are advised that use of incineration against SCP-2814-1 is ineffective. In the event that SCP-2814 or SCP-2814-1 display metamorphic properties and/or conventional weaponry becomes ineffective, personnel are to consult Document-2814-Xihe.

Description:  SCP-2814 is a ceremonial mask constructed of Zitan wood with fragments of jadeite. Its dimensions are 24cm x 10cm, and it is largely dark brown in color. Extending from the rear of the mask are four (4) strands of silk, each 83cm in length and dyed a dark red (the composition of this dye is unknown). Prior to its current containment status, SCP-2814 was on display at the [REDACTED] Cultural Museum, from which it was stolen in 2005. The culprits, now confirmed to be members of Huǒjù zhi Zi,1 were apprehended by the Foundation in 2008. Presently it is believed that the fatalities produced by SCP-2814, while in the group's possession, total at 108.

SCP-2814's anomalous effects become apparent whenever it is worn by a human being (SCP-2814-1). It should be noted that SCP-2814 suffers no damage from exposure to heat and flames up to 5000 degrees Centigrade, and SCP-2814-1 shares these properties while the mask is being worn.

SCP-2814-1 is capable of interacting with fire as if it was comprised of static matter, rather than being a chemical reaction of matter. They can manipulate fire into forms that resemble solids and liquids, and can do so without touching it directly (the maximum observed range of the effect is roughly twenty meters). Normal substances that make contact with the anomalous flames are ignited like normal fire, but the flames produced can also be manipulated by SCP-2814-1. SCP-2814-1 can modify the temperature of flames under its control, and may touch or  the fire with no detrimental effects.

While wearing SCP-2814 for extended periods of time does not adversely affect the wearer, observing the mask's thermal properties repeatedly constitutes a degenerative psychological effect. Subjects express profound curiosity to test the limitations of the mask's properties, and will progressively lose their previous ethical and moral standards. Please see the attached documentation for further details on this effect.

Addendum [2814-001]: 

During recovery of SCP-2814, all members of Huǒjù zhi Zi that were encountered (totaling five) committed suicide. One member, identified as [REDACTED], left a note evidently intended for the recovery team. Originally written in Chinese, here is a translation of that note:



I don't know who you are or what you think you understand, just listen to me. Destroy the mask. Don't put it on or try to do anything with it, just kill it. Burning it won't work, you must [DATA EXPUNGED]. Yes, I helped steal it. Yes, I participated in all those killings, but that's the extent of what you know. You don't know what I've seen, what happened when our leader put it on, or what would have happened if I hadn't forced it off him. We love our Radiant Father, but we cannot resurrect him like this, not by means of the heretic.
附加记录：    

Addendum [2814-002]: 

It was determined by Dr. Jack Garland, an anthropologist of Chinese culture and mythology, that SCP-2814 was crafted in ████ BCE by ███████████, who was associated with the same extinct religious group upon which Huǒjù zhi Zi's practices are based. ████████████ is believed to have maintained tenuous and frequently hostile relations with other members of the group.

Dr. Garland, given his considerable experience with the Huǒjù zhi Zi artifacts, was allotted supervision of SCP-2814's evaluation and experimentation. For details of the ensuing incident, please see here .

Footnotes
1.  a Chinese occultist group.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                wooden
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            04 Dec 2017 02:49
            
            Edit
+180)
Tags
Discuss (30)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Snow Leopard Compatibility
                      
              Which apps work with Mac OS X 10.6?
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            zeromq
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Raven Marches
                      
              OpenRPG Dungeons and Dragons 3.5
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Icon Deposit
                      
              Design.Tutorials.Freebies
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

