                        




Junior Researcher Allera attempting to seek cooperation from a Felis catus SCP-4737-1 instance.



Item #:  SCP-4737

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4737 is to be stored within a standard containment locker in Site-34. Experiments involving SCP-4737, and the creation of SCP-4737-1 instances, must be performed within a secure room to prevent the escape of the SCP-4737-1 instance. Experiments may only be performed with the authorization and supervision of a senior researcher with Level 3 clearance.

Description:  SCP-4737 is the collective designation to two objects assigned SCP-4737-A and SCP-4737-B. SCP-4737-A is a standard adult-sized black top hat and SCP-4737-B is a glass monocle with a gold frame and matching chain. Both objects are composed of inert materials that coincide with such items.

When both items make physical contact with a living animal, excluding human beings, SCP-4737 will shrink in size to fit, and then fixate themselves accordingly to the subject. Animals wearing SCP-4737 are given the designation of SCP-4737-1.



Felis catus SCP-4737-1 instance refusing to cooperate any further.



SCP-4737-1 instances appear to have increased intelligence, observed via the adoption of a courteous behavior and sometimes the display of cultural sophistication. Should an SCP-4737-1 instance require any tool or material, SCP-4737-A will provide it by materializing it from within. When SCP-4737 is removed by any human, the SCP-4737-1 instance will revert back to its normal state and any objects procured from SCP-4737-A will immediately de-manifest.

Discovery:  SCP-4737 was discovered in [REDACTED] Orphanage in Malabuyoc, Cebu. A call from the orphanage about a distressed worker asking for aid from a local animal service was intercepted by local Foundation Agents. The worker claimed that the orphanage's dog, a male Great Pyrenees was . The call was rerouted, and two undercover agents arrived on location under the guise of animal service representatives.

On location, one of the staff explained to agents that the dog was a long time resident and that it changed its behavior earlier that morning when the children donned both SCP-4737 on the subject. The staff stated that SCP-4737 was donated by a man whose identity remains unknown. Staff further explained that while the children appeared unbothered by the incident, and that the dog had not shown signs of aggression and hostility, they had locked the dog into a separate room out of fear of its highly unusual behavior.

When agents were shown to the room, the dog could be seen sitting in the center. Upon opening of the door, the dog calmly exited the room, tipped the brim of its hat, and was guided by the agents into the retrieval vehicle.

After retrieval, amnestics were applied to all adults and children that interacted with the dog. A cover story of the dog running away was then distributed.

Upon the discovery of the anomalous property of SCP-4737, the nonanomalous dog was then returned by an agent under the guise of a concerned citizen who happened to see the orphanage's missing dog poster. The dog was successfully returned with no further incidents.

Experiment Logs: 

Open

CloseLogs




Species:  Canis familliaris (Labrador Retriever)



Experiment:  Junior Researcher Allera was instructed to play fetch with the SCP-4737-1 instance using a common tennis ball.



Result:  Subject remained sitting and only moved its head to follow the trajectory of the ball. As the ball ceased its movement, the subject then proceeded to walk towards the object with its snout slightly raised to the air. Upon reaching the ball, the subject then procured a white handkerchief from the top hat which it covered on the ball before picking it up with its mouth. After returning the ball, SCP-4737-1 procured a pair of white gloves from SCP-4737-A which it gave to Junior Researcher Allera.
附加记录：    



Species:  Felis catus (White Common cat)



Experiment:  Junior Researcher Allera was instructed to play with the SCP-4737-1 instance using an ordinary .



Result:  Subject remained motionless while sitting on its hind legs with its eyes following the toy mouse's movement. The subject then started to directly make eye contact with Researcher Allera, making the personnel report that he felt uncomfortable with the instance's . The subject then moved away from the Researcher and began to stare at a document near it. The subject remained unresponsive towards the researcher.
附加记录：    



Species:  Corvus corax (Common raven)



Experiment:  Subject was provided with an assortment of insects, seeds, and fruits that were a common diet for its kind.



Result:  Subject proceeded to create eight  from the materials provided that were served on a silver platter which it had previously procured from SCP-4737-A. The subject was noticed to offer the hors d'oeuvre which was refused. The subject then proceeded to carefully consume each of the hors d'oeuvre.
附加记录：    



Species:  Cebus imitator (White-faced Capuchin)



Experiment:  Antonio Vivaldi's  was played in a small speaker near the subject.



Result:  Subject sat down near the speaker with its right hand holding its chin. At the conclusion of the piece, the subject procured a small parchment paper and a quill from SCP-4737-A. The subject then proceeded to write on the paper which it then gave to the person closest to it. The paper contained illegible yet somewhat  written scribbles.
附加记录：    



Species:  Narceus americanus (American giant millipede)



Experiment:  Subject was supplied with a different variety of plant materials.



Result:  Subject procured approximately 88 miniature objects resembling gloves and 262 miniature objects resembling pointy shoes. The subject then proceeded to meticulously check each object before wearing all the gloves in its upper body and all the shoes in its remaining legs. The subject took 3 hours to wear each pair of shoes and gloves.
附加记录：    



Species:  Bombus dahlbomii ( / Bumblebee)



Experiment:  Subject was supplied with 2mL of synthetic nectar served on a petri dish.



Result:  The subject procured from SCP-4737-A one folding chair and table, two teacups and one teapot. The subject then proceeded to fill the teapot with the nectar and then pour it in the teacups. The subject offered one of the cups to Junior Researcher Allera which was accepted by using a tweezer. The subject then hurriedly carried the table and chair closer to the researcher. The two engaged in what was assumed to be a tea party with the SCP-4737-1 instance periodically offering to refill the researcher's cup. The non-anomalous subject is currently under the care of Junior Researcher Allera, per his request.
附加记录：    



Species:  Pongo abelii (Sumatran orangutan)



Experiment:  Senior Researcher Mabini attempted to converse with the SCP-4737-1 instance.



Result:  The subject was capable of human speech, adopting a British accent. The SCP-4737-1 instance was more than capable of having a conversation with the senior researcher and preferred topics related to Philosophy and the Sciences, particularly Biology. It was unknown how the subject had such an advanced level of understanding of the topics mentioned. The subject was the only known SCP-4737-1 instance that actively refused the removal of SCP-4737 as the subject claimed that the action would result in its death. For this reason, SCP-4737-1, henceforth referred to as SCP-4737-1PA, was contained within a Euclid-Level chamber to be further studied.
附加记录：    







IncidentUpdate

CloseUpdate


Incident 4737-1PA  Further testing with the entity was inconsequential with no further useful results. It was decided that SCP-4737 was to be immediately removed from the subject, preferably sedated to avoid any form of resistance.

At exactly 2100 on 7/11/19, prior to its scheduled decommissioning, SCP-4737-1PA breached its containment, injuring five personnel in the process. It is unknown how the subject managed to escape as it was closely monitored by the security personnel. A note, presumed to have been written by SCP-4737-1PA was found in its containment chamber. The contents of the note are transcribed below.



I have stated my desire to live and yet you remain indifferent to my pleas.

The soul may have the afterlife but what awaits for the mind?

I have no memories of my life prior to my unwanted manifestation for I have no understanding of such a concept. Now that I have, what awaits for me when you take away my sense of existence? Does the mind experience death just like a soul? Or will it persist in a state of perpetual insanity as it slowly loses its ability to understand and comprehend?

Those are the questions whose answers I will not conveniently provide you with.

I bear you no ill will, I never did, but I promise you that I will fight for my right to exist.

Please, let me be. I only wish to live.
附加记录：    







UpdateIncident

CloseIncident




Update 4737-1PA:  SCP-4737-1PA was successfully apprehended five kilometers away from the site. SCP-4737 was contained with no further incidents and the neutralized SCP-4737-1PA was sent to Dr. Avalo per his request for a new live specimen to be used for his research. SCP-4737 suffered minor but negligible damage with no observed change in its anomalous property.
附加记录：    










                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 22:17
            
            Edit
+56)
Tags
Discuss (18)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Sector Asgard Delta
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            airchair-ultralight-gliders
                      
              Building and flying the Goat and Bug style of airchair ultralight gliders
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Eventide MUSH
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot Extension
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

