                        




An instance of SCP-3770 in containment



Item #:  SCP-3770

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All SCP-3770 instances are to be kept in separate groups of 2-20. Each group is to kept in a secure vivarium at least 20cm long, 10cm wide, and with substrate 10cm deep. The substrate is to compose of coconut fibre, decaying deciduous leaf litter, a calcium source such as powdered cuttlefish bone, and small amounts of sand. A small layer of dry leaf litter is to be provided above the substrate. Under no circumstances is pine to be used in SCP-3770 containment chambers.

The vivarium is to be kept at a temperature of 22-24 degrees celsius and have a humidity of 60-80%. No sudden changes in climate are to take place. Each vivarium is to be kept in a room with a light source activated by solar power, as to replicate natural lighting. If an SCP-3770 instance shows any sign of molting, caution is to be held due to the vulnerability of instances during the process, and the substrate is not to be replaced unless in emergency. No pesticides are to be present in SCP-3770 containment chambers. All materials introduced to SCP-3770 instances are to be organic. Fresh fruit and vegetables are to be given to each group on a weekly basis, being left for two days prior to removal.

Description:  SCP-3770 is the designation given to an anomalous subspecies of Centrobolus Splendidus1. SCP-3770 instances are capable of communication through auditory means at high frequency with all species of arthropod capable of processing signals sent. Audio does not affect any known vertebrate or invertebrate which is not a terrestrial arthropod. All invertebrates which receive communications from SCP-3770 instances display abnormal behaviour, showing higher intelligence and extreme co-operative ability (see testing logs for more details).

SCP-3770 will occasionally display a behaviour known as a , in which instances will begin to chew wood pulp2 into a paper-like material. Instances then consume any brightly coloured, white, and black substance possible. The materials will be secreted through the anus as dye to the paper. The paper will then be fashioned into a square shape by use of instances' mandibles. Images formed through use of the dyes generally resemble images of invertebrates, deciduous forests, in a style associated with Byzantine religious artwork. Images contain text of unknown origin.

Similar to the defence mechanism of most Diplopoda, SCP-3770 will secrete an irritating liquid. SCP-3770, however, constantly secrete said liquid. Although this has the chemical makeup of ordinary Centrobolus Splendidus secretion, if it comes into physical contact with any form of sapient life, severe visual hallucinations occur.

+A-E

-Hide


Several experiments have been conducted exploring the anomalous effects of SCP-3770. These are recorded below.



Test A - 27/07/2017 

Procedure:  To place an instance of SCP-3770 within a vivarium containing an individual Scolopendra Subspinipes Dehaani3 (SSD-0001-D) for 1 week.

Results:  The SCP-3770 instance was not harmed. SSD-0001-D began to construct a model resembling a coccinellid using moist substrate.

Analysis:  SCP-3770's effects are capable of supressing predatory instincts.
附加记录：    



Test B- 29/07/2017 

Procedure:  To insert an auditory arthropod (a Gromphadorhina portentosa4 designated GP-0001-D) within an SCP-3770 containment unit containing 15 individual SCP-3770 instances.

Results:  GP-0001-D showed abnormal behaviour, occasionally placing each end of its upper 2 legs together, whilst using the lower pairs to balance upright. Whilst doing so, GP-0001-D began to create loud respiratory  (as is common in the species) at short intervals translated to Latin morse code. Lines commonly repeated by GP-0001-D include:










Analysis:  SCP-3770's effects can radically heighten intelligence.
附加记录：    



Test C - 30/07/2017 

Procedure:  To introduce an SCP-3770 instance to an individual Argiope bruennichi5 (AB-0001-D) .

Results:  AL-0001-D began constructing a line of Latin text by producing abnormally patterned web. This translated to: 

Analysis:  SCP-3770's effects can be utilised for a large range of species. Further research on the meaning of material produced is to be conducted.
附加记录：    



Test D - 30/07/2017 

Procedure:  To introduce an SCP-3770 instance to a colony of Camponotus Pennsylvanicus6 (CPC-0435), whilst providing the colony with a sheet of ply wood.

Results:  CPC-0435 engraved an image of what appeared to be multiple stellar formations, and planets such as 1A events.

Analysis:  Further research on the meaning of imagery and text produced by SCP-3770 is to be conducted.
附加记录：    



Test E - 31/07/2017 

Subject:  Dr. Telford

Procedure:  In order to study the hallucinogenic effects of SCP-3770, the subject will induce SCP-3770's effects and record what is visually experienced.

Results:  See Document-3770-E for a log of recorded information provided by Dr. Telford.

Analysis:  See Document-3770-E for details. Further research involving SCP-2794 is to be conducted in conjunction with MTF Mu-77.
附加记录：    




+Document-3770-E

-Hide




During test E, Dr. Telford, a member of MTF Mu-77's research personnel, documented his experience on audio after contacting SCP-3770's secretion.

Dr. Telford:  Visual hallucination has begun, recording has started, commencing test. Initial image is of what appears to be a swampland environment, very fertile and abundant in life. I see a large amount of flying insects, various arthropods on the ground, and no birds in the sky, which is a dark shade of green. The area overall is dark and verdant.

[Dr. Telford begins to walk around the testing area] 

Dr. Telford:  There's a warmth pulsating from the ground, and a faint throbbing? Heartbeats, but not mine. I see something in the sky- I thought it was a faint cloud at first but now some mist has cleared, I am relatively close to the planet Jupiter.

[Dr. Telford crouches down] 

Dr. Telford:  The floor is moist and warm. Everywhere is so humid and abundant with life, but yet no birds, mammals, reptiles, fish, amphibians, nothing. Just bugs it seems. They all seem so healthy, the fertile landscape must be providing food. I can see predatory animals, giant centipedes and scorpions, all eating this green fungus-like material along with isopods, caterpillars, and others. Curious.

[long pause] 

Dr. Telford:  Burrows and nests are everywhere. This fungus is all around me in the ground. It seems to be sprouting from this green organic waste-like material. Curious, it's as solid as rock, must be the base of whatever I'm on. It's so tough, yet plant life is growing from it.

[Dr. Telford looks up with a surprised expression] 

Dr. Telford:  I can see it now, I thought it was just part of the atmosphere but it's a body. I'm on a leg, miles wide, hundreds of miles long. That's a body, a ladybird? And what I'm standing on, this hard green rock? That's what this thing is made of. It reminds me of something.

[Dr. Telford breathes heavily] 

Dr. Telford:  There are these pyramids of that green stuff, full of ladybirds and millipedes being shot off into space. They're just being launched from the body of this creature. I can see it, they're boarding them and they are just thrusting away. SCP-3770 and SCP-2794. I can't believe it.

[pause] 

Dr. Telford:  I-I see more of them in the distance, green with bright white spots. More ladybirds- or planets. They are everywhere now, like a swarm. Oh my word.

[hallucination ends] 
附加记录：    




Footnotes
1. Mozambique fire millipede
2. if said material, or any similar substance is available. If not, the 37701A event will cease.
3. Vietnamese giant centipede
4. Madagascan hissing cockroach
5. wasp spider
6. carpenter ant








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 22:40
            
            Edit
+33)
Tags
Discuss (8)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            REACHA
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikialo
                      
              Un directorio wiki para blogs
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            מבני נתונים
                      
              סמסטר אא
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Unofficial Kingdom Conquest Wiki
                      
              Seven towers to rule them all...
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

