                        







Item #:  SCP-5591

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-5591 is to be kept in a standard storage locker in Site-17. Testing is not to occur more than once a month quarter. Though 5591 is believed to be unique, any other potential instances of 5591 or similar phenomena are to be secured and contained by MTF Iota-6 ().

Update 3/26/20:  Testing on SCP-5591 has been indefinitely halted. MTF Iota-6 is now directly working on uncovering and identifying the people behind 

Description:  SCP-5591 is a toy oven resembling similar products manufactured in the early 2000s. The oven itself is nonanomalous in make, comprised of metal and plastic with incandescent light bulbs providing the heat source. Rather than coming with premeasured packets like similar toys, SCP-5591 includes a recipe book (SCP-5591-1) designed to be used with common ingredients as well as a simple set of measuring utensils. When prepared on their own recipes are innocuous, but gain the described anomalous properties if prepared with SCP-5591.

After baking, any recipe prepared using SCP-5591 comes out looking exactly as pictured in 5591-1, regardless of any mistakes made in the preparation of the recipe or lack of a defining feature. When a subject consumes the cooked food, they begin to experience various anomalous phenomena. Branding on the oven, recipe book, and auxiliary pieces indicate the oven was produced by 

Addendum 5591-A:  Testing log

The following table shows the results of initial testing of recipes contained within SCP-5591-1






Recipe Name
Preparation Notes
Effect upon consumption
Additional Information




Recipe contained no leavening agent as commonly used in brownies.
D-2837 found themselves unable to make a single truthful statement.
Effect ceased after approximately one hour.



N/A
D-2837 began contorting their body in complex ways amidst protests of discomfort. They seemed to have no control over their body during this time.
Effect ceased after 30 minutes. D-2837 requested to be transferred to another anomaly. Request denied.



Unbaked recipe resembled a simple white cake mix. No dyes or sprinkles were added prior to baking.
D-2837 expressed mild stomach pain shortly after consumption. The pain supposedly escalated as loud sounds were heard coming from D-2837's stomach, leading to immediate hospitalization. Foundation doctors discovered copious amounts of small color sprinkles of various kinds in D-2837's stomach.
D-2837 is to be amnesticized and transferred to another anomaly following recovery.



Brittle is not typically cooked in any sort of oven. Recipe suggested alternative brittles for those with peanut allergies.
2, despite having never been tested for this before.
Effect has not ceased after several months.



Recipe contained no picture, but seemed to be meant to make a simple turnover. The information on this recipe reads: 
Recipe was not consumed; see Additional Information.
The recipe came out of the oven resembling a severed human toe, and as such was not consumed by D-8263. Testing on the toe confirmed it was a genetic match for SCP-████ and was carefully placed into containment as SCP-████-1. Testing is ongoing to see if SCP-████-1 retains ████'s combustive properties.



To date, no other connection has been found between SCP-5591 and ████, though confirmation is difficult since ████ breached containment. Due to the nature of ████'s containment breach as well as the results from the  research into Sugarcomb Confectionery's potential connection to known karcist sects is ongoing.

Addendum 5591-B:  Interview with POI-6870

On April 16th, 2020, Foundation webcrawlers tracked the initialism MWDOT to several users associated with GOI-5869 (). None of the involved users agreed to come in for questioning, but shortly thereafter one of the founders (POI-6870) reached out to Foundation authorities with the intent of scheduling a video conference. The conference took place on the 18th of that month, and is transcribed as follows.



Dr. Oliveras:  Hello. Thank you for reaching out to us, POI-6870. (Pause) Sorry, there doesn't seem to be any video coming from your end.

POI-6870:  Don't worry about that. Now, uh, what's this I hear about you harassing the gamers?

Dr. Oliveras:  Harassing is a bit of an over-exaggeration.

POI-6870:  I thought the agreement was we stay out of your way, we don't harm others, and we don't  and you leave us to our own devices. I've kept them in line. Am I to understand you're breaking our truce?

Dr. Oliveras:  We don't see calling in members of your group as a breach of our agreement, especially when said members seem to be connected to a poorly understood anomaly and an as of yet unsolved containment breach.

POI-6870:  What the hell are you talking about?

Dr. Oliveras:  Do you recognize this? (Oliveras holds up an image of SCP-5591.)

POI-6870:  Easy bake oven? What does this have to do with anything?

Dr. Oliveras:  No? What about this? (Oliveras holds up an image of SCP-████-1.)

POI-6870:  What is that, a severed toe? What Oh. Oh no.

Dr. Oliveras:  So you do recognize it.

POI-6870:  Yes and no. What does this have to do with the members you contacted?

Dr. Oliveras:  Do the letters M-W-D-O-T mean anything to you?

(Silence. After a few seconds suppressed laughter can be heard.)

POI-6870:  Shit. Out of all the things to explain. Before I answer, what does that have to do with the oven?

Dr. Oliveras:  The oven as well as its accessories claim to be made by  eludes us. What does it mean?

POI-6870:  You're gonna think I'm joking.

Dr. Oliveras:  Mr. Kriyot, just tell us what those letters mean.

POI-6870:  It stands for  (More suppressed laughter can be heard.)

Dr. Oliveras:  One of your memes, I presume?

POI-6870:  That's the funny part. We had nothing to do with that name. We think it comes from the Hand.

Dr. Oliveras:  What does it mean?

POI-6870:  Not really sure. Not entirely. From what I can tell, she's this big scary karcist lady. Has a massive halkost, huge following, blah blah blah. Though if Sugarcomb is involved with her shit, how deep does this conspiracy go?

Dr. Oliveras:  So you didn't know about Sugarcomb's involvement with this?

POI-6870:  No dude. I mean, I guess it makes sense they'd be involved, right? They don't really have a rhyme or a reason to what they do. But why would the karcists work with them?

Dr. Oliveras:  You mentioned the Hand, I presume you mean the GOI known as  What do they have to do with this? Furthermore, what does your group have to do with this?

POI-6870:  Yeah, Serpent's Hand are fighting her, we think. Mekhanites, too, it seems. Gamers Against Weed just happens to have a few good sources. Those sources told us what that toe does. And that the other nine do the same thing. (Pause.) Wait, what does the oven have to do with the toe?

Dr. Oliveras:  SCP-5591  the toe, through anomalous means.

POI-6870:  Huh. Wonder where that toe came from.

Dr. Oliveras:  You recognized it, so surely you know where the others are.

POI-6870:  Some of them. The Mekhanites are just trying to play keep away with them, but toe mama still has most of them. A few of them have blown up. But with the reveal that you have one, well, that throws everything we know into question. (Dr. Oliveras begins to speak but is interrupted.) Wait, I think I get it now! The karcists want to create more toes, because they think it will please her. But I'm betting it doesn't create new toes, it just summons them. (Laughter can be heard.) This is the most incredibly stupid thing I've ever heard.

Dr. Oliveras:  Do you know what the plans on doing with them?

POI-6870:  Hmmm

(POI-6870 disconnected immediately following this and has not responded to further attempts to contact him or GOI-5869)
附加记录：    






#toesplosion2020



toejamcon2020






Single: [untitled]






Footnotes
1. The Foundation is unaware of any such incorporation, and the initialism MWDOT seems to be unregistered.
2. A genetic disorder that primarily makes bones brittle








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                toy
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            23 Jul 2020 04:08
            
            Edit
+33)
Tags
Discuss (4)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金会Minecraft分部沙盒
                      
              宇宙之上，基岩之下
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            LGAM Knowledge Base
                      
              Local Government Knowledge Sharing
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            DDSCAT
                      
              Light Scattering Code
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Bidirectional Transformations
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

