                        




The page was marked for deletion; however, because certain pages on the site depend on knowledge of this article—usually tales or supplements—it has been retained. The following articles/stories make reference to this page:

Incident 239-B - Clef-Kondraki
1st - 12th December 2008
13th - 23rd December 2008
24th December 2008 - 14th January 2009
SCP-122-D


For more information on Archived SCPs, please check out the Archived Pages hub.
附加记录：    

Item #:  SCP-244

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  None are needed at present time, but the object is to be closely monitored, and if at all possible, removed from Kain Pathos Crow’s possession and submitted for further study and experimentation.

Description:  Object is a large, bipedal spherical device one point three five (1.35) meters in diameter, with the upper quarter of the sphere missing and leading into a cockpit of sorts. Item possesses two pairs of prehensile arms, each arm having six highly dexterous fingers and two thumbs. There are exposed patches of clockwork, tubing, cables, and hydraulics in the object's outer chassis.

SCP-244 is constructed of 226.8lb) of uranium-234, nine (9) scientific grade calculators, four (4) seventh-generation games consoles, two (2) plasma screen televisions, four (4) ducks, and an antique three hundred (300) year-old grandfather clock.

It was constructed by SCP-278. All of this was authorised by Kain Pathos Crow himself, and while base authorisation of which was overlooked by higher command as Crow claimed it was to aid in his “biological disabilities”, large portions of this project were carried in secret, without the knowledge of his superiors or peers.

While these factors by themselves would be enough to classify this object an SCP, Crow authorised many “enhancements” to SCP-244, by way of experimentation with SCP-914.

The result of this is a device that is still not fully understood by our research staff, and is not entirely constrained by normal Euclidean physics. It is capable of speeds of up to 643.74lb).

It has demonstrated a large number of attachments and abilities; the ones that have been recorded are:

A large fifty-two (52) barrel minigun that fired several hundred .50 calibre rounds dispensed by an unknown source.
A large television with access to every television channel on this planet, as well as some that were not able to be located terrestrially, or within this era of time.
Recreating several works of art within twelve (12) minutes.
Playing the board game, Go, on level with advanced human players.
Producing the items needed to bake a Belgian casserole, again from an unknown source.
Performing emergency triple bypass heart surgery.
Internally brewing and dispensing over two thousand (2000) litres of alcohol.
Performing advanced theoretical chaos mathematics for the purpose of computing the probability of the Boston Red Sox winning the World Series this year.
Translating anything affected by SCP-732 into comprehensible and well written English.
Deploying four (4) large speakers and a subwoofer and playing Black Sabbath's  in such a way that everyone in the facility heard it, including three (3) people who were legally deaf, and one person who was clinically dead at the time. It is believed that it may have been transmitted telepathically rather than via soundwaves.
Cultivating a large patch of Bellis perennis, or daisies, on a canteen table in Bio-Research Area-12, despite having no soil or water.


Additional Notes:  It is not fully understood how Crow is able to pilot SCP-244, as he lacks opposable thumbs or even fingers, and has been seen controlling the device while being completely unaware of its location.

The device is normally located with Crow’s presence, as he uses the device as a set of hands and transport. It is a regular sight on Bio-Research Area-14 to see Crow travelling through the corridors on the device, so much so, that it has become known to local staff as “The Egg Walker”, due to the similarity in appearance to the walker device used by the character .

Addendum 244-A  Yes, I know it's a horrible amalgam of ten thousand different Things That Should Not Be piloted by a sentient dog, but I really can't make fun of someone who poured me a nice, cold beer. On a side note, please let the Guinness Brewing Company know that someone's figured out their secret formula.

- A. Clef

                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            08 Nov 2020 21:31
            
            Edit
+68)
Tags
Discuss (27)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            PyLint Messages
                      
              and what theyre trying to tell you
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            V-USB
                      
              A Firmware-Only USB Driver for the AVR
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            FreeSMUG
                      
              Free Open Source Software Mac User Group
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            文殊阁
                      
              梦开始的地方
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

