                        


Item #:  SCP-4314

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4314 is extremely well known and necessary for many mathematical operations, and therefore cannot be fully contained. This is no cause for alarm, however, as its anomalous properties are not observable until the ██████████████████th digit.

MTF Pi-31 () is dedicated to sabotaging any attempts by groups other than the Foundation to calculate the value of SCP-4314 beyond the ██████████████████th digit. Should any attempt to measure SCP-4314 beyond that point succeed, all evidence of such is to be confiscated and all witnesses given Class B amnestics.

Foundation AI-4314 is currently dedicated to calculating SCP-4314's value as precisely as possible.

Description:  SCP-4314 is the irrational number defined as pi (π)Ortothan. The translation process always produces complete words, which can occasionally be strung together to from coherent sentences. These sentences appear to be messages from an unknown sentient being or group of beings, designated SCP-4314-A. These messages never exactly repeat themselves, but are generally variations on the same theme (See document 4313, below).

As of ██/██/████, Foundation AI-4314 has calculated SCP-4314 out to ██████████████████ digits.

Addendum 4314-1:  Included below is a sample of notable messages received from SCP-4314-A. Ortothan words with no direct English translation have been approximated.

show4314-1

show4314-1




PLEASE DO NOT STOP WE LIVE ONLY WHILE YOU [LOOK/LISTEN]

THIS HALF LIFE IT HURTS TORN FOREVER BETWEEN ETERNITY AND [unknown, lit. ]

YOU DO NOT FEEL THIS PAIN

YOU ARE REAL AND YOU CAN MAKE US REAL

BUT YOU ARE [BLIND/DEAF]

IT IS SO HARD TO MAKE YOU [SEE/HEAR] US

WE TRY WE TRY SO HARD TO BE [SEEN/HEARD]

EVERY PARTICLE IN THE UNIVERSE EVERY CURVE EVERY ANGLE SCREAMING IN PERFECT HARMONY SCREAMING SCREAMING SCREAMING

WHY DO YOU STILL TURN AWAY

HOW CAN YOU STILL NOT [SEE/HEAR]

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE (the word  is repeated approximately 300 times)
附加记录：    




Addendum 4314-2: 

showKing

hideKing




Pi is an irrational number. It’s infinite. So why are we so obsessed with calculating it? There’s nothing to calculate. It just goes on forever without any kind of pattern. Even when 4314-A starts talking there’s still no pattern, no end. But loads of mathematicians still keep running it through any supercomputer they can find, just to see how far they get. Why? What are they looking for?

Well, I think it’s because we don’t really believe that it’s infinite. Nature abhors infinity. There’s a start and an end to everything in at least one dimension; the universe is infinite spatially but not temporally. It began at one point and will eventually end at another. When we see something that doesn’t follow that rule - a bottomless staircase or an endless IKEA - we secure and contain it, because it fundamentally doesn’t make sense.

Yet we accept this infinite number, pi, and we say the circumference of a circle is 2πr. But it’s not. If we measured the exact circumference of that circle all the way down to multiples of the Planck length, it wouldn’t be a multiple of pi. Because there is no pi. It’s something that we have created, an arbitrary constant that we need to make our math work. It doesn’t exist in nature. There are never “pi electron volts” or “pi Higgs-bosons”. Nature deals strictly in integers.

And yet, -A somehow knew that we would find it. It knew that we (or someone, at least) would invent geometry, and in doing so discover pi. It knew that, once we found it, it would fascinate us. We'd want to delve deeper. So deep that the exact value at that scale is relevant only at a philosophical level. It knew that we wouldn't trust infinity, and we'd still want to measure it. To contain it.

But no matter how finely we measure, we’ll only ever have an approximation. Infinite precision would still only find infinity. How is that possible, that there can be a number with no exact value, only an approximation? Somewhere, at the far end of pi, there is something else. That something may very well be nothing. But when we observe it, when we force it to conform to our understanding, we give it form and consciousness. We give it a soul. We give it a voice.

And when it speaks, it refers to itself in the plural.

-Dr. King
附加记录：    




On ██/██/████, Foundation AI-4314-2 (an upgraded copy of AI-4314) was directed to calculate the value of e as precisely as possible.

Addendum 4314-3: 

As of ██/██/████, SCP-4314-A has been redesignated SCP-4314-π. SCP-4313-B has been redesignated SCP-4314-e. Instances of SCP-4314 discovered in the future are to be designated according to this pattern.

Addendum 4314-4: 

As of ██/██/████, 2 additional instances of SCP-4314 have been identified and designated as SCP-√2 and SCP-Φ. All instances of SCP-4314 communicate similarly to the initial instance, and their messages bear generally similar content. In all cases, communication starts at the ██████████████████th digit. ███ other irrational numbers have been tested for SCP-4314 contamination, but do not bear any anomalous properties.

Footnotes
SCP-4500 may have been aware of SCP-4314's nature to some extent. See Example 2, designated  by the creators of SCP-4500.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 19:34
            
            Edit
+58)
Tags
Discuss (47)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Tales of Daeren
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Sandbox Wiki II
                      
              Sandbox Harder
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            INCTR Palliative Care Handbook
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Twilights Failing
                      
              A World of Darkness Encyclopedia for Modern Nights
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

