                        


Item #:  SCP-2349

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  A colony of SCP-2349 is kept in an artificial habitat in Site-86. The room housing this habitat is placed within one Faraday cage. Entrance to the habitat requires written consent of one (1) Level-3 Researcher. No metal objects are to be introduced to the habitat outside of regular feeding, including watches or other accessories. The SCP-2349 colony is to be fed 6kg of Iron and aluminum scrap and .5kg of insects killed without the use of pesticides, bimonthly. All instances of SCP-2349-1 are to be removed and destroyed regardless of stage if not allowed for testing purposes.

Description:  SCP-2349 are superficially similar to Camponotus alboannulatus1. All specimens of SCP-2349 consume metal and have little need for natural nutrition. SCP-2349 specimens have mandibles heavy in an aluminum copper alloy. Their saliva is heavily corrosive, enabling them to effectively burrow through metal. Additionally, specimen born into the worker caste have a specialized organ at the base of the mandibles which allow them to generate enough electricity in a bite to weld ferrous metals together. SCP-2349's nurse caste has been observed making metallic eggs and filling it with a slurry of unknown composition, it is theorized that these eggs are an inefficient way of reproducing without a queen.



A deceased worker



The initial SCP-2349 colony was found in Singapore. Reports of electrical failures, metal disappearances, and unusual radio signals prompted Foundation investigation. Electromagnetic interference caused numerous equipment failures within 1 kilometer of the hive. Within this range instances of SCP-2349-1, metal beacons created by SCP-2349, were discovered, with denser clusters being found nearer to the hive. These retrieved instances were measured with an average height of 189.4 centimeters and an effective broadcasting range of [REDACTED] kilometers, the largest to date.

Once a colony of SCP-2349 is established, generally in an area rich in ores and at high elevation, construction of SCP-2349-1 begins almost immediately. SCP-2349-1 is the designation for any beacon created by SCP-2349. These beacons are made almost entirely out of the refined metal waste passed by SCP-2349, and exhibit very few patterns in their shape.

Once a relay of SCP-2349-1 has been built each instance will begin broadcasting an as of yet undeciphered signal. Each broadcast has been unique in all discovered SCP-2349 colonies. The purpose of these broadcasts are currently unknown (See Addendum 2349-B).

When the Site-86 colony was split and allowed to construct SCP-2349-1 the two groups seemed to communicate with each other. To test this theory a D-class personnel was sent to the first half of the colony and was instructed to stomp near SCP-2349 specimen and generally impede their construction of SCP-2349-1. When the same D-class personnel moved to the second half of the colony, he was assaulted by the only warrior caste SCP-2349 observed to date. These specimen were noted to have formed a boundary around the colony in the direction the D-class personnel was going to arrive given the direction he left the initial group.

After this event the two halves were merged once more and a Faraday Cage has been constructed around the enclosure to prevent any possible communications between the Site-86 colony and outside colonies. After the construction of these two cages the reproductive cycle of captive SCP-2349 specimen slowed significantly, and observed specimens moved as if in a daze lasting for three weeks after construction. The diminished re-population of the Site-86 colony was deemed acceptable to prevent any possible transmissions of classified data.

Since the finding, and capture, of the initial colony only ██ infestations have been found. This, along with the stagnant number of SCP-2349 in Foundation captivity confirms their slow reproduction. While it is unknown what would result from allowing several separate colonies of SCP-2349 to produce SCP-2349-1 in such quantities as the initial colony, it is theorized that the electromagnetic fields generated would cause a complete failure of all electrical grids within ███ kilometers of the core beacon cluster.

Addendum 2349-A:  All SCP-2349-1 instances have been sparse and minute in size compared to the instances seen in the initial encounter. It is theorized that the low altitude of Site-86 has more to do with this than the diet provided.

Addendum 2349-B:  On ██/██/9█ a colony in ████ ██████, Argentina broadcast the only deciphered signal, a sequence of encrypted rudimentary Spanish, to date. Unfortunately the colony was destroyed by wildfire before it could be investigated further. The transcript of the broadcast follows:



Begin Broadcast

Colony ██-██ transmitting

Position compromised

Hive destruction imminent.

Queen's whereabouts still unknown.

Please come home.

End Transmission.
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. as such, all individual types of SCP-2349 specimen will be referred to by the caste system of ants.









‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  Ant.jpg

Name:  Camponotus alboannulatus casent0905506 p 1 high.jpg

Author:  Zach Lieberman

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  Link
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                transmission
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            01 Sep 2020 17:30
            
            Edit
+37)
Tags
Discuss (23)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            IB Physics Stuff
                      
              - Wikified -
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Science Online London
                      
              How is the Web changing science?
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SMLT Container
                      
              The SCP Sandbox by Nerds for Nerds.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Scala Geography Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

