                        




D-Class sketches of the SCP-2934-A entity



Item #:  SCP-2934

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2934 and associated components are to be held within a standard body bag modified to include three interior layers of aluminium foil. The modified body bag containing SCP-2934 is to be placed within a steel chest measuring at least 2cm in wall thickness.

All surfaces of the containment chamber are to be completely coated with a layer of steel 25cm thick. The containment chamber is to be large enough to accommodate sleeping arrangements for ten test subjects.

Outside of testing, the modified bottom hoop of the SCP-2934-1 dreamcatcher is to remain unhooked from the top hoop and stored separately.

Description:  SCP-2934 is the preserved remains of an unidentified woman approximately eighteen years old at the time of death. SCP-2934 has Caucasian skin tone, a clean-shaven scalp, and would have measured 160 – 163cm in height before physical modification.

+alterations.

–alterations.


SCP-2934’s feet and hands have been crudely excised at the ankles and wrists. Wound margins are ragged with extensive bruising and limited granulation tissue, indicating that this action was performed with a blunt hacking instrument several days before death.


A dreamcatcher, designated SCP-2934-1, is fixed to SCP-2934’s face with surgical staples. The dreamcatcher2 resembling a satellite dish antenna, tied to the hoop with black thread.


562011 LIFE 0 TRANSMIT READY”. In X-ray images, the part of the USB cable concealed in SCP-2934’s head appears to pass through the frontal bone and trace the mesocortical pathway of the brain, terminating in an unattached mini-USB plug. The assembly of LCD plate, Raspberry Pi and USB cable is collectively designated SCP-2934-2.


The inside of SCP-2934’s mouth held four objects at the time of discovery: three small, roughly torn scraps of yellow paper with the words “KOMPETENCË”,  and “AUTORITET”3 individually handwritten with pencil on each piece, and a folded, low-resolution image of a middle-aged man's face printed onto white A4 paper. The man pictured is presumed to be Ndrec Gega. (See below.)


SCP-2934 has been anomalously preserved by an unknown method. No chemicals commonly used for tissue preservation have been observed in sample analysis. Aside from skin pallor, SCP-2934 displays no signs of having been dead for an extended period of time.





SCP-2934 produces an anomalous effect, designated SCP-2934-A, that acts on all individuals within a radius of 0.7 kilometres. Humans entering any stage of sleep within the area of effect will invariably experience one or more vivid dreams centred around a specific male character.

Upon waking, affected individuals will always attribute the name “Ndrec Gega” to this character, and their description of its appearance will match the following details: approximately fifty years old; 180 – 200 and wearing some form of suit and tie. When shown the printed image found in SCP-2934’s mouth, all affected individuals will agree that the man depicted is the Ndrec Gega character from their dreams.

The narrative of their dreams will always feature the Ndrec Gega character acting as a capable authority figure who establishes a close personal connection to the dreaming individual. Examples of these dreams are given below.

+summaries

–summaries






Subject 
Dream Summary 


Agent M█████ Burton
Agent Burton is unemployed and living in his parents’ house. While Agent Burton is walking through his childhood primary school, Ndrec Gega, the new headmaster, offers him a job as his personal assistant. Agent Burton works for Ndrec Gega from a desk in his third-year classroom, and feels great satisfaction in fielding his calls and organising his schedule. Ndrec Gega asks Agent Burton for advice on his haircut three times, which makes Agent Burton feel trusted.


D-163758
D-163758 is first mate on a cruise ship travelling to Paris through the sky. Ndrec Gega is the ship's captain, and leaves D-163758 in charge of steering on three occasions. He tells D-163758 that he is very happy with her steering when he returns. The ship hits a European robin and almost crashes, but Ndrec Gega manages to prevent this through great skill and effort. When they land in Paris, Ndrec Gega is awarded an Oscar trophy. He removes the trophy’s head and gives it to D-163758 as a gift.


D-767449
D-767449 works on the assembly line of a shampoo factory, adding orange juice from a hose to all the shampoo bottles that pass her. Ndrec Gega is the factory supervisor. He hugs D-767449 and tells her “well done” every time he walks by. Ndrec Gega finds that the productivity of the factory’s machines is trebled if he sings Happy Birthday to them. He is interviewed live on national television about this discovery, and tells the interviewer and television audience that he could not have done it without D-767449’s help. D-767449 is elected President of the United States as a result.









Individuals experiencing SCP-2934-A for the first time will report genuine  were placed in a position of authority over them, such as their workplace manager or political representative, subjects uniformly respond in a highly positive manner.4

If SCP-2934-A dreams are experienced multiple times, however, affected individuals will quickly feel confused and uneasy about the character’s continual reappearance. Almost all subjects who experience the dreams more than five times will report a level of fear and annoyance. Long-term exposure occasionally results in such an extreme negative response that some subjects have refused to sleep for extended periods to avoid seeing the entity.5



SCP-2934-2 LCD screen message



Although no electromagnetic transmissions have been detected from SCP-2934 or any of its components, containing the anomaly using standard radio frequency shielding techniques appears to prevent the SCP-2934-A dream effect from acting on individuals in range. Additionally, removing the modified bottom hoop of the dreamcatcher containing the LEGO satellite dish sculpture appears to prevent SCP-2934-A entirely. Investigation into SCP-2934's effects by members of MTF Omicron Rho is pending.

Addendum:  A real-world individual named Ndrec Gega matching the appearance of the SCP-2934 dream character and printed image has been found. Ndrec Gega was the Democratic Party for Albania’s candidate for the 2011-05-08 mayoral election of Dorëz, a town of 9,000 people in the Arrëz e Madhe municipality of northern Albania.

Locals interviewed report a period of twelve days, lasting from the night of 2011-04-25 to the night of 2011-05-06, in which almost all the population of the Dorëz urban area experienced sleep characteristic of SCP-2934-A. Ndrec Gega lost the mayoral election three days later by a historically large margin, largely due to widespread distress about his repeated appearance in most of the electorate’s dreams.

The real-world Ndrec Gega suffered a fatal car accident on the A1 motorway the day after the election, 2011-05-09. His car was observed to drive erratically at 180km/h before veering off the side of the road and colliding with a tree. Notably, the coroner’s report remarks that both hands and both feet were traumatically amputated in the collision.

Footnotes
1. The appearance of the dreamcatcher, aside from the modified bottom hoop, is identical to a dreamcatcher listed on eBay by a Chinese-based seller with the username █████████.
2. Made using standard Parts 4285b and 3957a.
3. Approximately translated from Albanian as “competence”,  and “authority”.
4. This emotional response does not appear to be anomalous in itself: subjects will often make unprompted remarks that basing a conscious perception on a dream is illogical, and will be convinced by falsified documentation about a real-world Ndrec Gega of highly objectionable character.
5. Maximum period of wakefulness observed is four days.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sleep
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            07 Apr 2019 20:40
            
            Edit
+148)
Tags
Discuss (19)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Virtual World Interoperability
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Electromagnetic (Hyper)Sensitivity
                      
              Causes of Electro Smog, EMF and Wireless Devices
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            RetroWIKI
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Smallworld GIS Wiki
                      
              Help and references for the Smallworld Community
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

