                        


Item #:  SCP-5064

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  All instances of SCP-5064 are to be contained in the Anomalous Explosives Storage Unit located at Site-77. Instances of SCP-5064 are to be inspected monthly for potential damage, during which time they will be interviewed and are required to perform one short dance with the staff member performing the inspection.

As instances of SCP-5064 are incapable of movement, the object will be secured to a researcher using a custom harness for the duration of the dance. The dance will be performed in a cushioned room adjacent to the Anomalous Explosives Storage Unit. Dances performed with SCP-5064 should be selected from the approved dance list to decrease the likelihood of an unintentional trip or fall during the dance. All staff members working with SCP-5064 should have a background in dance to assure a level of poise and balance necessary to maintain safe containment.

During routine storage, a speaker connected to an audio streaming device should be placed near by SCP-5064. A playlist will be selected every morning by a Senior Researcher familiar with SCP-5064. The genre of the playlist should be changed daily to prevent further deterioration to the structure of any SCP-5064 objects.

Description:  SCP-5064 refers to 24 sticks of dynamite (designated SCP-5064-1 through SCP-5064-24) produced by the now defunct Collins Demolitions Inc. in Cincinnati, Ohio. Instances of SCP-5064 are sentient, capable of vocalizing, and exhibit basic human sensory capabilities. Instances of SCP-5064 are entirely incapable of movement on their own and must be assisted in all movement required in their Special Containment Procedures.

Instances of SCP-5064 are highly social and outgoing. The objects often start conversations with Foundation staff members unprompted. All known instances of SCP-5064 share a love of music and a self described  with dancing. Individual instances of SCP-5064 have different preferences when it comes to the type of music and dance they claim to enjoy the most, although instances of SCP-5064 will accept an offer to dance presented to them regardless of their professed tastes in dance.

Instances of SCP-5064 will begin to degrade over time if a dance with them is not performed at least every 90 days. Constant exposure to music associated with dancing also appears to significantly slow the deterioration of the objects. According to documents recovered during the original containment of SCP-5064, an instance of SCP-5064 will explode violently if allowed to degrade over a period of six months.

Discovery: 

SCP-5064 was originally discovered in an abandoned factory previously owned by Collins Demolitions Inc.; a report of strange voices singing from inside the factory prompted an investigation by the Foundation which recovered the 24 samples currently in containment. Before the Foundation could return to search for more samples of SCP-5064 the factory was destroyed in an explosion caused by an unknown source. The Foundation will continue to monitor buildings owned by former Collins Demolitions subcontractors for reports of unusual singing.

Addendum: 

Below are a sample of three interviews with different instances of SCP-5064, with details about the dance that was performed attached.

+Interview

-Granted




Routine Monthly Interview - SCP-5064-8 

Interviewer:  Researcher Lindsey Brewster

Subject:  SCP-5064-8

Begin Log 

Brewster:  SCP-5064-8, are you well?

SCP-5064-8:  I suppose, but I'd rather be dancin'.

Brewster:  You don't feel any worse than when we last spoke, do you?

SCP-5064-8:  Nah girl, this old stick of dynamite knows how to keep himself together. Listening to funky grooves and doin' that Soul Train stroll. Talking to fine ladies such as yourself. I got an easy life. Ain't nothing to be stressin' out about.

Brewster:  Stressing out?

SCP-5064-8:  Yeah baby, stressin' out. That's how we bad like a total bummer.

Brewster:  You prefer it here in containment?

SCP-5064-8:  Hell yeah! I get a dancing partner once per month! Plus they play some chill tunes in our crib. Any place that plays Kool and the Gang is alright by me, you dig it?

Brewster:  I understand that, it's definitely better than the circumstances you were in previously.

SCP-5064-8:  You and your crew talk all funky don't you ever just want to cut loose? Have some fun?

Brewster:  I have fun. I dance with you, don't I?

SCP-5064-8:  Here I was thinking you'd never ask. You dance much better than that jive turkey, Dr. Mander-Bassen.

Brewster:  Dr. Mander-Bassen is the one who selects all the music you get to listen to. He's a big fan of Kool and the Gang too.

SCP-5064-8:  See what I mean? Y'all take this job so seriously. I didn't even know that the doctor knew how to chill. The Man really has got y'all down. Now come on funky Brewster, let's boogie on down to the dance floor.

End Log 

Researcher Brewster performed the traditional dance associated with  by Van McCoy with SCP-5064-8 before returning the object to containment.
附加记录：    




+Interview

-Granted




Routine Monthly Interview - SCP-5064-4 

Interviewer:  Researcher Lindsey Brewster

Subject:  SCP-5064-4

Begin Log 

Brewster:  Hello SCP-5064-4

SCP-5064-4:  Ohayo Brewster-san.

Brewster:  I think your Japanese needs some brushing up, it's 2:14 P.M. Ohayo means good morning.

SCP-5064-4:  It's probably morning in Akihabara. I think, I've never been there.

Brewster:  Are you feeling all put together? None of the symptoms of degrading that we talked about?



SCP-5064-4:  I feel excellent. The playlist from yesterday had a lot of my suggestions in it. World is Mine, Plastic Love, Marisa Stole the Precious Thing, Gee. Nothing but the classics.

Brewster:  I'm glad the music is helping you stay healthy.

SCP-5064-4:  Oh, if you could talk to your senpai I have a few more suggestions.

Brewster:  Dr. Mander-Bassen doesn't like it when you refer to him as what are your suggestions?

SCP-5064-4:  Snow Halation from Love Live! and Kyun! Vampire Girl from The Idolmaster 2. I've been trying to put a idol group together with the other guys, but most of them aren't interested.

Brewster:  What did they say?

SCP-5064-4:  Number 17 called me a weeaboo and then most of them laughed.

Brewster:  I can tell them not to treat you that way, you shouldn't have to feel any unnecessary stress.

SCP-5064-4:  It's okay, Number 19 said he'd join my group. He's not as big into otaku culture but he loves pop music and we bond over that. He's my nakama.

Brewster:  SCP-5064-19 is very nice, I'm glad you two get along. Would you like to begin our dance?

SCP-5064-4:  Onegaishimasu. Yes, please.

End Log 

Researcher Brewster performs a popular dance associated with the song  by Caramell with SCP-5064-4 and then returns the object to containment.
附加记录：    




+Interview

-Granted




Routine Monthly Interview - SCP-5064-12 

Interviewer:  Researcher Lindsey Brewster

Subject:  SCP-5064-12

Begin Log 

Brewster:  SCP-5064-12, I've heard from the others that you're a little upset. Do you want to talk about that?

SCP-5064-12:  Yeah, if you don't mind I don't want to upset anyone else but I got some rage I've been storing up and I wanna let it out.

Brewster:  Please go ahead, I don't want you feeling tense.

SCP-5064-12:  Pardon my language, but the dances we're permitted to do are fucking weak. Not even like poser shit weak, I could forgive some crabwalking but I've been doing mostly tangos and square dances. You guys have no problem blasting some heavy fucking shit for me once in a while but I never get a chance to do the kind of dancing I dream of. I mean, I'm not going to say no it's still dancing and I love to dance, I just wish we could get some of that brutality I love mixed in there.

Brewster:  We're always willing to adjust the dances we perform to your preference, so long as it falls within the perimeters of safety requirements.

SCP-5064-12:  I've suggested it before and I heard nothing back.

Brewster:  What was your suggestion?

SCP-5064-12:  A mosh pit. Get all the staff you've got in here, start a circle of death and start slamming into each other. Live it up! All these metal songs I've been listening to all these years in that cell fucking excellent breakdowns, but nobody wants to actually rock the fuck out to them. I know some of you guys like the music. Hell I heard you singing along to a Jinjer song when you took me out for my inspection.

Brewster:  You're right, I am sympathetic. I actually just saw Jinjer last month. Still, I don't know if people would be comfortable with you in a mosh pit.

SCP-5064-12:  I disagree, you've been to a metal show in the most brutal way possible of course. We're a dying breed after all.

Brewster:  Oh, I didn't mean because of any sort of discrimination. I just think that people normally freak out when there's a live explosive in the middle of large crowd.

SCP-5064-12:  Ah shit, see I didn't even think of that. Yeah that kinda fucking sucks. Oh well, I guess we can just do another tango or something for now but you should blast some Protest the Hero for us to dance to.

End Log 

Researcher Brewster performed a traditional two step tango dance to the song  by Protest the Hero with SCP-5064-12 before returning the object to containment.
附加记录：    










                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            02 Jul 2020 22:15
            
            Edit
+31)
Tags
Discuss (2)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            FUNCLUB FullRP
                      
              База данных зоны 81F
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            kinDIY
                      
              for the DIY kindie community
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WoW-Arrakis
                      
              Clan Hordeño de CThun
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Roboticspedia
                      
              All that you want to know about making robots
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

