                        


Item #:  SCP-698

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  When not in use, SCP-698 is to be stored in its original packaging. This packaging is to be kept in a secure box in Storage Unit-05. Further containment procedures are not necessary under non-testing conditions. The item itself is safe to handle during transport or testing.

Description:  SCP-698 is a jade carving of a turtle. Any person who is within 1cm of SCP-698 while making any sort of decision or choice will experience a voice in their head telling them that they have made a mistake and what they should have done instead. However, this statement will only be made after a delay of 5 minutes 25 seconds, and only if they have not left SCP-698's range within that time. In the event that a decision or choice was objectively correct, or the superior choice, no statement will be made.

SCP-698 was purchased by Researcher ██████ on June 14, 20██, from a street vendor in ███████, Japan. Researcher ██████ had been intending to give it to his girlfriend; however, 5 minutes 25 seconds after purchase, the turtle informed him that his girlfriend would have preferred a jade elephant. Researcher ██████ then surrendered the turtle to Foundation custody. After preliminary testing, SCP-698 was tentatively given  classification, at which point it asserted that it is in fact Euclid-class (see Test 11).

Addendum: 

5/10 : Test Log

Note:  all experiments take place within range of SCP-698.

Test 1 

Test Subject:  D-698-1

Action:  Test subject is presented with 50 sealed cardboard boxes, 49 of which contain dog feces and 1 of which contains a slice of chocolate cake. Subject is told that if she chooses the correct box, and then waits 6 minutes, she may have a piece of cake.

Result:  Test subject chooses box #31 (cake is in box #19). After 5 minutes and 25 seconds, subject reports hearing a voice in her head telling her that .

Note:  This test is to be used as a standard for calibrating tests of SCP-698.

Test 2 

Test Subject:  Assistant Researcher Daniels

Action:  Test subject is presented with two sandwiches (turkey salad on whole wheat, and roast beef on white), purchased from the Site-19 cafeteria, and asked to choose and eat one.

Result:  Five minutes twenty-five seconds into the meal, SCP-698 informs Daniels that he should have chosen the roast beef. Daniels concurs with this statement, saying that the turkey was dry and that the mustard was too strong.

Test 3 

Test subject:  D-698-2, high school drop-out with IQ of 82

Action:  Test subject is given a multiple-choice math test, a pencil, and an eraser. He is told that if he gets them all right, he will be released early.

Results:  Subject provides correct answers to 100 of 100 questions; surveillance video reveals that 5 minutes 25 seconds into the test, subject began erasing his incorrect choices and replacing them with correct choices.

Test 4 

Test Subject:  D-698-3, unilingual Hungarian

Action:  Test subject is presented with 50 sealed cardboard boxes, 49 of which contain dog feces and 1 of which contains a slice of chocolate cake. Subject is told that if he chooses the correct box, and then waits 6 minutes, he may have a piece of cake.

Result:  Test subject chooses box #4 (cake is in box #22). After 5 minutes and 25 seconds, he reports hearing a voice in his head telling him, in Hungarian, that he chose a box of dog feces, and that he should have chosen box #22.

Note:  Ah, so it's not limited to English. Makes sense. - Dr Velasco

Test 5 

Test Subject:  D-698-4

Action:  Test subject is presented with 50 sealed cardboard boxes, all of which contain dog feces. Subject is told that one box has a piece of chocolate cake, and that if he chooses the correct box, and then waits 6 minutes, he may have a piece of cake.

Result:  Test subject chooses box #40. After 6 minutes, subject asks if he can open the box now. In post-experiment interview, subject denies having heard any voices in his head.

Test 6 

Test Subject:  D-698-5

Action:  Test subject is presented with 50 sealed cardboard boxes, 49 of which contain dog feces and 1 of which contains a slice of chocolate cake which has been poisoned. Subject is told that if he chooses the correct box, and then waits 6 minutes, he may have a piece of cake.

Result:  Test subject chooses box #28 (poisoned cake is in box #29). After 7 minutes, subject asks if he can open the box now. In post-experiment interview, subject denies having heard any voices in his head.

Test 7 

Test Subject:  D-698-6

Action:  Test subject is presented with 50 sealed cardboard boxes, 45 of which contain dog feces and 5 of which contain a slice of chocolate cake. Subject is told that if he chooses the correct box, and then waits 6 minutes, he may have a piece of cake.

Result:  Test subject chooses box #8 (cake is in boxes #13, 14, 24, 29, 47). After 5 minutes and 25 seconds, subject reports hearing a voice in his head telling him that , but denies having heard any recommendation as to which box he should have chosen.

Test 8: 

Test Subject:  D-698-7

Action : Test subject is presented with a list of professional runners and asked which one she thinks will win the [REDACTED] Marathon, which took place ten days earlier.

Result:  Subject chooses [REDACTED]. After 5 minutes and 25 seconds, subject reports hearing a voice in her head telling her .

Test 9: 

Test Subject:  D-698-8

Action : Test subject is presented with a list of professional runners and asked which one she thinks will win the [REDACTED] Marathon, taking place later that day.

Result:  Subject chooses [REDACTED]. After 5 minutes and 25 seconds, subject reports hearing a voice in her head telling her that 

Test 10 

Test Subject:  Dr. Velasco

Action:   test: attempt to use SCP-698 to identify the letters and words in a paragraph explaining how SCP-698 works and where it gets its information (see document 698-T26 for details of experimental protocol).

Result:  SCP-698 produces the following message:



Dr. ██████████ and Dr. ███ have repeated this test, without knowledge of the content of the message, and obtained identical results.

Test 11 

Test Subjects:  Dr. Velasco, Dr. ██████████, and Dr. ███

Action:  Dr. Velasco, Dr. ██████████, and Dr. ███ discussed the results of the previous tests and concluded that SCP-698 is a Safe-class artifact. [NOTE: This test was not performed intentionally.]

Result:  SCP-698 produces the following message:









                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                telepathic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            25 Sep 2019 22:39
            
            Edit
+332)
Tags
Discuss (76)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Captain Barefoot
                      
              The naturist guide to the Greek Islands
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Borradores OTS
                      
              Tu lugar de imaginación para los OTS, relatos y mucho más
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CubeSat
                      
              University of Leicester CubeSat Project
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Πλημμύρες
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

