                        







2/5043
CLASSIFIED



Item #: SCP-5043
Object Class: Safe









Various instances of SCP-5043, along with original packaging.



Special Containment Procedures:  All available supplies of SCP-5043 are kept in a climate-controlled storage area at Site-120. Testing of SCP-5043 requires Level 4 authorization, and is to be conducted at a blast-proof testing chamber or an approved Foundation bomb range.

Description:  SCP-5043 refers to a bottle of anomalous pharmaceutical tablets and various other small objects, labeled  [sic]. SCP-5043 is packaged in a mundane plastic vitamin bottle, which has been taped over with a crudely-drawn label.

Three seconds after consuming SCP-5043, the subject's head will explode at a force comparable to one (1) kilogram of TNT. Once this has occurred, the resultant viscera will display minor attraction towards the subject's torso, accelerating towards it at 0.03m/s . If not restrained, the subject's viscera will eventually group together at the exposed neck and reform into a living, fully functioning head. The memories and personalities of subjects remain largely intact.

Subjects undergoing the effects of SCP-5043 have reported varied experiences. Of the 20 individuals tested so far, 7 have reported total unconsciousness. 5 have reported their sensory input and cognitive functions to be reduced commensurate to that of REM-sleep. 4 have reported the experience to be exhilarating, some having likened it to usage of narcotics. The remaining 4 have reported SCP-5043's effects as painful, confusing and/or frightening.

SCP-5043 contains a secondary, infohazardous anomaly. Subjects attempting to speak the words  or a variety thereof, will momentarily trail off into nonsensical babble. This effect will only occur when used in reference to SCP-5043.

SCP-5043 was discovered on March 10th 2020, when it was delivered unnoticed to a Foundation front company in New York City. SCP-5043 was brought to Site-120 for testing and storage.

Addendum SCP-5043-1:  Packaging of SCP-5043

While the packaging of SCP-5043 is itself non-anomalous, it was brought under scrutiny in an attempt to gauge more information about the individual known as . The following points of interest were considered particularly noteworthy:

In addition to pharmaceutical tablets, the packaging also contained various vitamin tablets, candies, nonpareils, uncooked rice, allspice and paperclips, all displaying identical anomalous properties.
SCP-5043's bottle was originally for non-anomalous vitamin D supplements.
The bottle's label is affixed with consumer-grade masking tape.
The label's product information is written with a pencil. On the backside is a crudely-drawn insignia resembling an FDA approval stamp, made with a red crayon.
The label itself was originally a receipt for toast, lactose-free milk, chicken nuggets, margarine, grapes, hamster feed and two packets of AA batteries, bought at Walmart Macroplaza in Baja California, Mexico on 11/12/2019.
The adverse side of the label contains the phrases  written with a pen.
Attached to SCP-5043 was also a slightly crumpled letter, purportedly written by dado, stating that SCP-5043 is a 'test bach' [sic]. It also contains a lengthy, sporadic and likely exaggerated account of running a failing business, financial problems, political persecution and mental instability, eventually trailing off into non-sequitur descriptions of various currently-airing TV shows. Due to extremely low legibility, the contents of said letter have not been transcribed.
Neither SCP-5043 nor any recovered supplementary material contains fingerprints or DNA.


Footnotes
1. A Person of Interest practicing para-pharmacology, believed to be responsible for the creation of SCP-5043 due to association








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jun 2020 19:50
            
            Edit
+121)
Tags
Discuss (12)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Twilights Failing
                      
              A World of Darkness Encyclopedia for Modern Nights
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Nsb Notes
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Stallmanism
                      
              a Religion for the 21st Century
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            UK Wiki Lulu
                      
              The website for the UK creators at Lulu.com
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

