                        







SCP-1364 prior to altered containment procedures.



Item #:  SCP-1364

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  At this time, there are no means of keeping SCP-1364 completely safe, and methods are currently being researched into the minimization of damage dealt to SCP-1364. SCP-1364 should be contained within two interconnected 10cm padded impact-resistant polyester lining on all inside surfaces. The areas should remain completely devoid of light and external sound. The containment chambers should be kept completely empty to ensure SCP-1364 remains docile and 'healthy'. Any observation of damage taken by SCP-1364, or any signs of pain should be dealt with promptly with any resources available to aid in minimizing damage.

One cell is to be kept at a temperature of 20°C at all times; the cell opposite is to be kept at 30°C. The chambers should be positioned in such a way to provide easy access between each for SCP-1364.

Personnel are forbidden to interact with SCP-1364 in any way save for manipulation of a projector using shadows to depict calming situations on the wall of SCP-1364's containment chamber. A Foundation-issued audio CD entitled  is to be on constant playback within the cell at a volume of 10 decibels, looping alongside playback similar to Shepard tones.

The chamber itself is to be filtered for contaminants on a low cycle each hour.

Description:  SCP-1364 is a small, mammalian creature resembling an anteater. SCP-1364 is friendly, on certain occasions attempting to embrace researchers with an elongated tongue located near its nostrils. It does not appear to be sapient, and shows limited if diminishing signs of intelligence.

SCP-1364 has extremely poor endurance and mobility depending on its current state. SCP-1364's physical form remains relatively static when unexposed to a significant amount of stimulus; however, the creature grows increasingly vulnerable to even the most negligible of stimulus with prolonged exposure. The subject seems to respond normally to a stimulus on the first exposure, but repeated stimulus is exponentially more harmful.

Despite the presence of a digestive system, SCP-1364 does not seem to require sustenance; testing reveals that the creature in fact fares better without it, as the process of mastication, swallowing, digestion, and defecation results in significant bodily stress. The cause of SCP-1364's extreme vulnerability has not yet been discovered, as the body shows no specific physical anomalies.

SCP-1364 appears to heal at a standard rate when left alone.

The creature was discovered after repeated reports of its disappearing and reappearing beneath floors and inside walls at ███████████ Zoo's nursery prior to containment; amnestics were administered to witnesses after recovery.

Addendum 1364-A:  Documentation of first experiment with SCP-1364 by Site Biologist Dr. Sanders.



Dr. Sanders:  Hi there, little guy. We're going to-

SCP-1364 appears to shield its ears with its paws.

Dr. Sanders : Hey, what's wrong, little fella?

SCP-1364 begins to 'cry', emitting liquid from tear glands and vocalizing a low wail.

Dr. Sanders attempts to pick up SCP-1364.

SCP-1364 starts to rub its eyes. Skin in contact with the tears begins to burn slightly. Hair begins to fall off.

Dr. Sanders (yelling):  Someone get in here! What the hell is wrong with this thing?

SCP-1364 begins bleeding from the ears.

Dr. ██████:  (To Dr. Sanders via microphone) Abort testing.

Dr. Sanders places SCP-1364 on the floor of the containment chamber and exits the cell.

SCP-1364 curls into a fetal position and begins rocking back and forth.


附加记录：    

Addendum 1364-B:  Stimulus Testing:

Foreword: Repeated applications conducted within 5 minutes of each other. The effect of exponential sensitivity seems to reset after a period of a few hours.


Stimulus 
Effect 





Physical 





Water
Hair loss, subject appears distressed.


Saline
Negligible skin irritation, subject appears distressed.


Exposure to candle
Subject covered in first degree burns, subject becomes temporarily comatose.


Droplet of ethanoic acid
Droplet burned through subject's paw, subject appears extremely distressed.


Subject rubbed against Copper (x1 application)
[DATA EXPUNGED]


Subject dropped lightly on natural rubber surface
No noticeable physical effect.


No stimulus
Subject appears distressed.





Sound 





Utterance of  by Dr. Sanders, conversational. (x3 applications)
No noticeable physical effect, subject appears distressed.


Utterance of  by Dr. Sanders, voice raised. (x3 applications)
Discharge of blood from ear canal, subject appears distressed.





Light 





Daylight 10 hours
No noticeable physical effect aside from very mild skin irritation.


Fluorescent office light 8 hours
Subject appears disoriented; eyes close tightly.


Aimed floodlight 2 hours
Light appears to pass through the subject in certain places. In these spots the skeletal system of SCP-1364 is clearly visible, as are the circulatory system and some internal organs. Hair appears to glow white. Subject appears to levitate until the light is switched off. No physical damage can be noted aside from negligible burns.


Arc lamp 1 hour
Similar results as previous, although all internal structure of SCP-1364 is completely visible.


Beam at 30 billion candle power 45 seconds
Subject appears to disappear while the light is working. Personnel equipped with welding goggles attempting to make physical contact with SCP-1364 are unsuccessful. SCP-1364 is found on the inside of the cell wall and was clearly visible when the power from the light is removed.



Note: Further physical tests are not recommended, although research is currently underway regarding the cause of the particular transmogrification during the copper testing.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                xenarthran
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            28 Jun 2020 00:53
            
            Edit
+279)
Tags
Discuss (69)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SFU Game Developers Club
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金会小马国分部
                      
              控制 • 收容 • 保护
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hacking WD MyBook World Ed
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

