                        




SCP-504



Item #:  SCP-504

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  All seeds, plants, fruit, crossbreeds, and other products of SCP-504 are to be classified as SCP-504. SCP-504 seeds need no special containment, other than to prevent misuse by unauthorized personnel. Grown SCP-504 plants and their fruit should be kept in soundproof rooms. Guards and researchers assigned to maturing or growing SCP-504 are to be equipped with radio-enabled masks which insulate non-transmitted sound, and are to be instructed to avoid attempts at humor.

Description:  SCP-504 is a species of tomato physically and genetically identical to that of the typical commercially-grown tomato. It was recovered in [REDACTED], Kentucky after a woman reported to the police that her farmer husband had been . The Foundation is currently working to identify and destroy loose strains of SCP-504 in the surrounding commercial farming areas.

When a poor attempt at humor is made verbally within human hearing range of SCP-504's tomatoes, they instantly accelerate to a speed of at least 100 miles per hour (approx. 160 kilometers per hour, 45 meters per second) in the direction of the sound's source. Only mature tomatoes, separated from their vines and less than 10% rotted or chemically compromised, exhibit this effect once each. Tomatoes do not have to be physically intact, though ingested tomatoes are usually insulated enough from sound to prevent their effects before neutralization by stomach acid.

SCP-504 tomatoes seem to reach speeds relative to the inciting attempt at humor (see experiment log). Relevant variables seem to include corniness, humor-to-length ratio, and use of puns. Language appears irrelevant.

Note:  Whoever snuck SCP-504 into the cafeteria kitchen is getting terminated. Those tomato slices are like fucking shurikens. - Dr. Blast
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Log of tests with SCP-504: 

Item:  One mature SCP-504 tomato

Subject:  D-504-1

Spoken:  

Result:  No change in velocity.

Item:  One mature SCP-504 tomato

Subject:  D-504-1

Spoken:  

Result:  Tomato clocked at 124 mph. Subject suffered a broken nose.

Notes:  It appears that SCP-504 has a certain  in jokes. This might indicate sapience. I hope not. - Dr. Blast

Item:  One mature SCP-504 tomato

Subject:  D-504-2

Spoken:  

Result:  Tomato clocked at 264 mph. Subject rendered unconscious.

Item:  One mature SCP-504 tomato

Subject:  D-504-3

Spoken:  

Result:  Two-second pause before activity. Tomato clocked at [REDACTED]. Sound barrier broken. Subject killed.

Item:  Three mature SCP-504 tomatoes, each from a different crossbreed

Subject:  D-504-4

Spoken:  

Result:  All three tomatoes clocked at exactly 145 mph. Subject injured, two teeth dislodged.

Item:  One mature SCP-504 tomato, split into quarters

Subject:  D-504-5

Spoken:  

Result:  All 4 pieces clocked at 212 mph. Subject severely injured, right eye destroyed by piece of tomato.

Item:  One mature SCP-504 tomato

Subject:  CD player playing  (2003, Dane Cook)

Result:  At [REDACTED], tomato clocked 167 mph. CD player destroyed.

Notes:  It works with recordings? Dammit. Didn't even have to deal with Class-Ds in the first place. - Dr. Blast

Item:  Three mature SCP-504 tomatoes, one for each test subject.

Subject:  After the introduction to the following news item, Bomb blows hole in Lenin statue, the three following jokes were made.

Test Subject 1:  Ooh, that's gonna leave a Marx.

Result:  Tomato number one 'twitched', but did not displace from its original location.

Test Subject 2:  BBC is just Stalin the good news.

Result:  Tomato clocked at 152 mph. Chipped tooth and hairline jaw fracture.

Test Subject 3:  That blows.

Result:  Tomato clocked at [REDACTED]. Subject is hospitalized with a massive skull fracture.

Notes:  I thought we'd just established that recordings work in place of live subjects! I know how much you guys hate the Class-Ds, especially D-504-012 (poor guy might not even recover before termination rolls around), but I'm making it clear that whoever oversaw this round of testing is getting a serious reprimand. The same goes for whoever leaked its video logs to the staff. - Dr. Blast

Item:  One mature SCP-504 tomato

Subject:  Television playing the SNL Sarah Palin and Hillary Clinton skit.

Result:  Tomato reacted as if 'confused': slow-motion video shows three separate bursts of speeds in excess of 200mph, two incidences of motion at normal throwing speeds, and one unprecedented instance of backward motion, all in the one trajectory. Dr. King hypothesises that the tomato was unsure whether or not to 'take it seriously'.

Item:  One mature SCP-504 tomato

Subject:  A portable computer playing a pre-recorded engineering joke.

Transcript:  .

Result:  Supersonic blast detected; computer was completely vaporized by the tomato's kinetic energy. Sensor readings indicate an approximate speed of 3500km/h (2174 mph).

Item:  One mature SCP-504 tomato

Subject:  A portable computer playing a partial audio recording of the Monty Python sketch .

Transcript:  

Result:  Tomato explodes. Debris clocked at 137 mph. Computer heavily coated by debris. Keyboard ruined by exposure to liquid matter - all other components proved functional after cleanup.

Item:  One mature SCP-504 tomato

Subject:  A portable computer playing the text of SCP-904

Result:  [DATA EXPUNGED]







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                species
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 21:32
            
            Edit
+1052)
Tags
Discuss (203)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            GameMaker Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Copernicon 2010
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Logos Tao Deus
                      
              a slowschool
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Ens Dictionary
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

