                        


Item #:  SCP-1732

Object Class:  Neutralized (Safe)

Special Containment Procedures:  As SCP-1732's death pre-dates the establishment of the Foundation by more than one thousand years, direct containment of SCP-1732 is not necessary at this time. Current Foundation priorities regarding SCP-1732 are focused on information management and on archaeological excavation, study, and preservation of SCP-1732's remains and artifacts related to SCP-1732.

All primary historical documents and secondhand histories describing the reign of SCP-1732 are to be suppressed, and replaced when possible with edited versions describing SCP-1732 as a non-anomalous human being. Artifacts bearing the likeness of SCP-1732 are to be described as portraying non-anomalous animals. The Foundation is to liaise with any institutions conducting archaeological excavation of Roman sites contemporaneous to SCP-1732 and are to monitor their findings for any indication of documents, artifacts, or artwork relevant to SCP-1732.

The remains of SCP-1732 are to be stored in a climate-controlled facility at Reliquary 68 upon their removal from the entombment site. Following a full physical examination and DNA analysis, a genetic study of SCP-1732's species is to be conducted to determine whether SCP-1732 has any living descendants, and if so whether any anomalous traits exhibited by SCP-1732 are present within the population.

Description:  SCP-1732 was a male African lion (Panthera leo leo), born in approximately 188 CE, which from 193 CE until its death in 211 CE was recognized as emperor of the Roman Empire under the name Septimius Severus Eusebes Pertinax Augustus (often abbreviated as ). The identity of SCP-1732 as Septimius Severus is attested to in several primary documents and histories written during and shortly after its reign, a brief autobiography attested to have been dictated by SCP-1732 itself, and representations on coinage and in civic artworks found throughout Roman territory.

SCP-1732 was sapient and was able to read and speak fluent Latin with an accent described as typical of persons originating in the Roman Empire's provinces in central northern Africa. Historical accounts indicate that SCP-1732 was acquired by the Roman emperor Commodus shortly after its birth as tribute and that, having discovered its anomalous properties, ordered it to be given a full education and declared it commander of the Empire's military forces in the Balkans. Following the assassination of Commodus in 191 CE and the subsequent assassinations of several successors, SCP-1732 is reported to have consolidated its authority among the military and declared itself emperor in 193 CE following a brief civil war.

SCP-1732's reign was marked by a series of military campaigns to consolidate Imperial authority in the Roman Empire's provinces, increased persecution of Christians, and a brief revival of interest in the cult of the Egyptian goddess Bastet. SCP-1732 is documented as having faced stiff opposition from the Roman nobility during its reign due to its species, and from Roman Christians who identified it as an eschatological figure. SCP-1732 died in 211 CE after being poisoned by a political rival during a campaign in Scotland, and was succeeded by its adopted heir Caracalla.

Suppression of historical information regarding SCP-1732's species and origins began in the mid-3rd century under the reign of the emperor Maximinus Thrax, who is reputed in contemporary accounts to have faced threats to his regime from sapient lions descended from SCP-1732, culminating in a series of hunts beginning under Phillip the Arab and ending under Valerian which all but eradicated native populations of lions throughout Roman territory. After the adoption of Christianity as the state religion of Rome in 324 CE, further suppression and destruction of historical monuments to SCP-1732 was organized by the early Catholic Church, which destroyed most remaining copies of historical records directly referring to SCP-1732 as a lion. The Foundation assumed information management of SCP-1732 when the Vatican Holy Office for Secrets and Prophecies (Secretorum Camerus Prophetias) merged with the Foundation in 1964.

SCP-1732's remains were recovered in 2011 from a previously undiscovered tomb located adjacent to the tombs of several contemporaneous Roman emperors beneath the Castel Sant'Angelo in Rome. Following its death, SCP-1732 had been embalmed in a manner similar to classical Egyptian mummification; however, use of inferior techniques has resulted in severe tissue degradation and has left little original tissue for examination or analysis. Full genetic examination of SCP-1732 is pending acquisition of a suitably intact DNA sample from remaining bone marrow.

Addendum:  The following excerpts regarding SCP-1732 are derived from Caesares, an early 3rd century history of the emperors of Rome by an unknown author. All known extant copies are currently in Foundation custody.




附加记录：    




附加记录：    




附加记录：    




附加记录：    




附加记录：    



It was during the campaign in Britannia that Septimius Leo fell ill while drinking wine and preparing his plans for war against the Picts. Caracalla claimed that his brother Publius Septimius Geta was responsible and ordered his death; but Geta's supporters claimed the priests of Jupiter had arranged his poisoning, and others still claimed that a spurned lover had sought his revenge against the emperor
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            23 Apr 2020 00:46
            
            Edit
+196)
Tags
Discuss (92)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Nexus Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Margopedia
                      
              Połączenie wikipedii i nonsensopedii...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            +VOYAGE34+
                      
              Is this trip really necessary?
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Sky Remains
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

