                        




SCP-040-JP before containment.



Item #:  SCP-040-JP

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-040-JP is contained within a structure constructed to cover the area of the anomaly. The containment wing is under the jurisdiction of Site-8120. When inside the containment wing, personnel are advised to never look inside SCP-040-JP. If it is needed to look inside SCP-040-JP, it should be done through the camera and not directly with the naked eye. If it is necessary to have a direct view, it is advised to use D-class personnel. Communication with personnel who have been exposed to SCP-040-JP is forbidden.

Description:  SCP-040-JP is a well located in the village of █████, in the ██████ prefecture. It is surrounded by a wooden hut, measuring approximately 5m long. The center of the hut houses a stone well presumed to have been built in ancient times, which descends directly underground. The well is anomalously deep and multiple probes have failed to determine its depth.

Although the hut was originally locked tightly with iron chains and multiple padlocks, they have since broken due to deterioration. SCP-040-JP was placed into containment after Incident [REDACTED] in 1967.

[Warning: After Incident-040-JP-001 in 19██, the following contents are prohibited for viewing without memetic countermeasures. Personnel assigned to this project must be treated with Procedure-253  at Sector-8120.]

+document

-Close


When a subject looks into the cabin, they begin shaking, reporting that  it only occurs when a person views the inside of the cabin with the naked eye. A camera image only displays the inside of the hut with no sign of the reported cats.

Exposure to the object will distort the subject's perception of all domestic cats (scientific name: Felis silvestris catus). During interviews with exposed subjects, they reported that any domestic cat seemed to look like an animal with two human eyes on its face without hair or other features, staring at them directly when viewed from any direction.

Furthermore, the exposed subjects will begin to report that the cat is constantly appearing in the darkness to observe them. There seems to be no consistency in the level of darkness required for the cat to be manifest in. It is unknown why the cat observes subjects.

An illustration of the observed cat is attached below.

　

　

　

　


According to a survey conducted by Foundation researchers, it was determined that the location where the cat appears is influenced by the position of the subject's ocular lens or the cornea. In other words, the sightings occur statistically significantly higher in the subject's peripheral vision. This property was demonstrated during experimentation with D-Class in 19██. According to the hypothesis proposed by [REDACTED], it is speculated that the dark places in the large depths of the underground structure inside SCP-040-JP have a clear influence on this.

[DATA EXPUNGED]

Subjects exposed to SCP-040-JP will actively tell others about the idea that . Those who have understood this idea to some extent suffer the same cognitive anomaly as the subjects who were initially exposed. It is not known whether the effect is transmitted through a general description or whether a specific trigger word exists, but it is a cat.

There is a cat. There are no particular restrictions on the medium necessary to convey that idea, and it is effective even in all media such as speech, writing, images, and paintings. Therefore, it is speculated that the subjects themselves are not directly affected, but carry a memetic anomaly (refer to document [REDACTED]). It was there. Affected subjects do not act in a suspicious manner, making it difficult to judge whether or not the subject is under the influence of the anomaly after passing through the first stage of exposure. It was a cat

　

　

Thank you



-Close




[End of Memetic Hazard.]

Incident Report 040-JP-001:  On ██/██/19██, a large-scale memetic disaster occurred in Site-8120 as a result of this report. It is believed that the assigned staff and the upper staff were exposed to the memetic effects of SCP-040-JP at the time of submission of the report. Exposed personnel were subjected to amnestic treatment or termination. From this point onwards, memetic countermeasures are to be applied to all subsequent reports.1

Footnotes
1. Memetic countermeasures are used so that we never repeat this blunder. Please be sure to perform these procedures before submitting future reports. Thank you in advance. —IT Administrator


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            20 Aug 2020 22:51
            
            Edit
+66)
Tags
Discuss (7)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fundação SCP
                      
              Filial Lusófona
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            EXCELENCIA
                      
              exploring, describing and promoting  great websites!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            异常管理署
                      
              探明异常 控制威胁
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CEP
                      
              Fondazione CEP
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

