                        


Item #:  SCP-4701

Object Class:  Euclid



SCP-4701 as it was originally recovered at the Lancaster Museum of History.



Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4701 is to be kept in a locked vehicle shed at Site-11. The clamps affixed to SCP-4701’s wheels are not to be loosened or removed by personnel, and animals may not be hitched to the item regardless of the condition of the clamps.

Bob Dylan and members of Old Crow Medicine Showhit status,” which is measured using chart placement on the Billboard Hot 100. Should a cover attain such status, civilians in Burbank, California who witness impact/landing events are to be administered amnestics.



Robert Zimmerman, known as Bob Dylan.





Ketch Secor (pictured playing harmonica, far left) performing with Old Crow Medicine Show.



Description:  SCP-4701 is a Conestoga covered wagon, a model used between the late 18th century and the mid 19th century. SCP-4701 is in excellent condition, with no apparent environmental damage, despite having been made in 1790 in Lancaster, Pennsylvania. There is no evidence of restoration; all woodwork and metalwork is original.

SCP-4701-1 is a humanoid object resembling American singer, songwriter and poet Robert Zimmerman, known professionally as Bob Dylan, as he appeared in 1972.SCP-4701-1 is able to freely stand uninhibited, but is biologically deceased. Should SCP-4701 become mobile via both being hitched to an animal capable of spinning its wheels on their axis, and having its wheels freed from any restraints, it will begin to independently move forward. No force (driver, animals, people outside the wagon, objects) will be able to stop the cart’s forward motion until it reaches SCP-4701-1.

Once it comes within less than a meter of SCP-4701-1, all motion abruptly stops save for the front left wheel, which attracts SCP-4701-1 through an unknown force, pinning the object to the spokes and rotating it between seven and eleven times at close to 200 kph. As this occurs, a disembodied female voice will vocalize the phrases  This audio is identical to one in a 1. Following this, SCP-4701-1 is flung from the wheel into the mesosphere at high speeds, where it arcs from the current location of SCP-4701 towards the approximate location of a sound recording booth at Burbank Studios, Burbank, California.

Notably, Bob Dylan was recording the soundtrack to the 1973 movie Pat Garrett and Billy The Kid at that studio in 1972. One of the songs recorded, but not included on the soundtrack, is an improvised outtake referred to as Dylan was given amnestics years after the event.

The edited recording was subsequently adapted by country musicians Ketch Secor and Chris Fuqua into a song called  however, SCP-4701-2 was attracted to and subsequently launched from the front right wheel. Another incident occurred on the 2013 date, although the manifested entity (SCP-4701-3) resembled Rucker and was launched from the rear left wheel. In total three bodies are launched towards the Burbank Studio each time.

The exact manufacturer of the Conestoga wagon2 and the poster of the Vine video are both unknown, with both individuals missing from the historical record and a list of users provided by Twitter Inc, respectively.

Addendum-1:  As of 2025, covers of the song by Thomas Rhett and Anna DeWitt Jones have charted in the United States, reaching “hit status” despite Foundation efforts at suppression. by Aubrey Graham6. Each of these songs has created another numbered SCP-4701 corpse (-4 through -9) being added to SCP-4701, with the wagon generating new wheels for each individual. The amount of corpses landing on the roof of the Burbank studio has put significant strain on the building, and the studio complex has been purchased by a Foundation front company.

Addendum-2:  Following the [REDACTED], Robert Zimmerman passed away; after which, SCP-4701 animated again. Only SCP-4701-1 appeared, and upon being spun on the wheel, was launched out of Earth's atmosphere. The object emitted a distorted voice similar to Dylan, repeating the words  as it ascended. As of two weeks following the event, SCP-4701-1 has left the solar system, headed towards Barnard's Star.

Footnotes
1. This video has since achieved popular status as an internet meme, and the word 'yeet' has entered the culture as slang for abruptly throwing an object.
2. Typically identified through a manufacturer’s mark on the metalwork, this mark is missing.
3. known as Drake
4. known as SKPJCK Tuna
5. known as PartyNextDoor
6. known as Murda Beatz




« SCP-4702 »



                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                wooden
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 22:33
            
            Edit
+36)
Tags
Discuss (15)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Killing Floor Map Database
                      
              KFMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Puppet中文wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Employment Network of SB
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

