                        


Item #:  SCP-1681

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Mobile Task Force Chi-23 (m radius. New SCP-1681-1 specimens are to be kept in full quarantine at Humanoid Containment Site-83 until such a time as a Berliner event is triggered.

Should a Berliner event be initiated in public, clean-up crews from nearby field offices are to initiate post-event clean-up procedures as further documented in supplemental document 1681/Proc/PostInc:rev1.09. Use of amnestics has been approved.

SCP-1681 has been cleared for research in printed and digital form, as only direct auditory exposure has produced adverse effects.

Please be advised that due to the length of the transition between alpha and beta stage infection, and due to improvement of relations between the US and Russia, Berliner events are theoretically no longer limited to those countries formerly belonging to the USSR.

Description:  SCP-1681 is an auditory memetic agent exclusively affecting human beings. SCP-1681 is spread specifically through public gatherings attended by over 1000 individuals in countries belonging to the former USSR, and is capable of spontaneous outbreaks, despite joint Foundation and GRU Division  archives after its dissolution shows that SCP-1681 was developed by that organization in an effort to influence and control public opinion on the United States. SCP-1681 was first deployed on 10/21/1982 and far exceeded projected infectivity. An auditory memetic countermeasure to SCP-1681 is mentioned in this documentation, but does not appear to be effective. It is unknown whether this is because of flawed design or due to SCP-1681 evolving.

SCP-1681 takes the form of a phrase () appended to the end of an anecdote told by individuals (designated SCP-1681-1) in alpha stage of infection. These anecdotes themselves are not anomalous and do not show a pattern to their subject matter. Regardless of their content, host anecdotes eventually begin to lose coherency, incorporating references to the United States and corresponding symbolism, before terminating in SCP-1681. Exposure to SCP-1681 always results in an alpha stage infection. Listeners are fully aware of the discordance in SCP-1681-1's speech, but attempts to point it out to them results in SCP-1681-1 becoming confused and briefly distracted before trying to return to their story.

An approximate 48% of SCP-1681-1 move on to the beta stage of infection, while the remainder stay in alpha stage indefinitely, spreading SCP-1681. Alpha stage SCP-1681-1 specimens will attend any eligible event to spread SCP-1681, disregarding relative financial expense, travel distance or prior commitments.

Those SCP-1681-1 transitioning to beta stage infection will withdraw from society, severing all ties to family, loved ones and associates. During this time SCP-1681-1 will lapse into prolonged catatonic states, interspersed with brief periods of lucidity. Communication has proven difficult, with attempts at conversations derailed by bouts of euphoric hysteria. Specimens in this transitory stage appear to suffer from mixed aphagia; despite this, the onset of starvation does not occur.

This transitory stage lasts for approximately three to six days, after which SCP-1681-1 will have fully progressed into beta stage. It will then attempt to gain access to the roof of the nearest high-rise building and throw itself off. Upon impact, a Berliner event is initiated. Specimens detained before progressing fully into beta stage will exhibit increasingly restless behavior until a Berliner event spontaneously occurs.

In a Berliner event, an SCP-1681-1 specimen splits into multiple instances of a specific object or animal1, which disperse at speeds up to 500 however, the high kinetic energy of such projectiles and occasional presence of mundane contaminants may pose a significant hazard to the public at large.

Addendum 1681/A/01: 

Management summary of incident report 1681/IncRep/19820411-2:rev1.19

At 14:00 hours on Sunday the 10th of April 1983, an SCP-1681-1 instance climbed the bell tower of Rostov-on-Don's Central Cathedral and jumped off. Upon impact, it exploded in a shower of live bald eagles (Haliaeetus leucocephalus). Seventeen civilians perished, thirteen more were hospitalized with injuries stemming from severe blunt force trauma and, in at least one case, from involuntary ingestion of Haliaeetus leucocephalus.

Footnotes
1. Examples observed include 1:300 scale Statue of Liberty models, Mus musculus specimens with abnormally large ears and McDonalds Big Mac burgers.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                transfiguration
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            20 Oct 2019 18:58
            
            Edit
+105)
Tags
Discuss (45)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Prämien teilen
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCR公司
                      
              安全.收容.研究
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金会Minecraft分部沙盒
                      
              宇宙之上，基岩之下
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Unofficial Kingdom Conquest Wiki
                      
              Seven towers to rule them all...
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

