                        


Item #:  SCP-968

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-968 is kept in the center of large porcelain bowl with a steep curve. The bowl itself is made for transport, feeding, and removal of waste from SCP-968. It is lined with steel and braces designed to tip the bowl when needed. The bowl measures 7 meters across and 4 meters deep. While dormant, SCP-968 should be kept in an enclosed environment atmosphere at 3% humidity or less, between 30 and 35 degrees Celsius. To achieve a maximum state of submission, SCP-968 is to be  between 50 and 80 kilograms of protein every 4 days.

Clean up of waste is achieved by tilting the bowl using the mechanical platform. SCP-968 will typically hold to one side of the bowl while waste slides down to the lowest point. A drip torch is used to ignite particulate waste and ash is removed by using blowers.

Description:  Commonly known as the  SCP-968 appears as a black, adhesive high-viscosity oil. Current research explains SCP-968 as a colony of fibrous protozoa working together without any true structure, central nervous system or endocrine system, despite observations of cellular coordination.

Similar to the flexing properties of animal muscle, these fibrous protozoa are capable of pulling on one another with a combined strength. Specialized flagella along their surfaces allow for the gripping of prey and surfaces but without tendons, ligaments or skeletal material to support it, SCP-968 is incapable of any significant locomotion. The colony  that mimicking the shape of an incapacitated infant or small child is the optimal lure for human beings.

Once ensnared, prey often exacerbate the situation by struggling against SCP-968, which serves only to compound the adhesion; the effect is much like quicksand. The exhausted prey is pulled either to a  or underwater to be drowned. SCP-968 pulls against its prey in opposite directions on both macroscopic and microscopic levels to mechanically dismember its prey until it is torn into small enough fragments to digest on a cellular level.

Though SCP-968 has shown a heightened level of intelligence, SCP-968 appears to have a single-minded devotion to feeding and exhibits no other desires. Attempts to freeze SCP-968 for analysis have proven extremely hazardous. It conducts heat through friction and metabolism, keeping parts of itself from freezing. The frozen parts of SCP-968 provide a structure for its fibrous tendrils to act against, much like muscle on bone.

It is advised not to continue freezing attempts, as SCP-968 may  to use the bone structure of its prey to escape or attack Foundation personnel.

Acquisition:  SCP researchers and Task Force Epsilon-9 (aka. ) were dispatched to North Central Africa after an Associated Press reporter put several seconds of film onto the Internet. In the video, an indigenous man was seen being pulled into a dark pool of water. The reporter was on location to investigate reports of locals being consumed by shadows. After considering known African folklore, it was believed that fire was the tool of choice to be used in suppression and containment.

Though well equipped and informed, Epsilon Force had great trouble containing the entity that was to be later labeled SCP-968. Before the arrival of Epsilon team, it became apparent that SCP-968 had established snares of itself across nearly two square kilometers of savanna. By attaching itself to animals and allowing its prey to flee for nearly a kilometer in every direction, SCP-968 was capable of weaving a web of fine tendrils, up trees, down holes, and across small bodies of water. While used in the future acquisition of prey, it proved to be a battlefield level ambush for Epsilon. Fire has only a minimal effect on SCP-968. While it doesn't actually destroy it, enough heat causes it to recoil and release whatever it has held fast to. Members of Epsilon-9 were at first reluctant at using their flame accelerators on team members who had been ensnared by SCP-968.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                species
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Feb 2020 00:25
            
            Edit
+155)
Tags
Discuss (23)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Hacking WD MyBook World Ed
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            My, media
                      
              by the people, for the people
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikialo
                      
              Un directorio wiki para blogs
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Nre509
                      
              Ecology: Science of Context and Interaction
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

