                        








Photo of SCP-4746 predating their anomalous nature.Visual aid to assist personnel in terminating SCP-4746 on sight.




Item #:  SCP-4746

Object Class:  EuclidObject Class:  N/A

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4746 should be contained at an undisclosed location by Foundation personnel that are able to perceive the unaltered version of this file.Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4746 should not be contained, but eliminated at all costs. Collateral damage is irrelevant. No attempts may be made to negotiate with SCP-4746.

Description:  SCP-4746 refers to former Chaos Insurgency operative A███ R███████. Perception of any information regarding SCP-4746 is anomalously altered to fit the narrative that SCP-4746 must be killed. These alterations contain mild cognitohazardous triggers to convince subjects of their veracity. Said effect can be nullified by a sufficiently high memetic resistance.Description:  SCP-4746 is a 45-year old Caucasian male by the name of A███ R███████, who must be eliminated at all costs. Foundation personnel reading this file are hereby commanded to terminate SCP-4746 with extreme prejudice if the opportunity arises. This information should be made available to as many Foundation assets as possible, regardless of security clearance.

Addendum:  Interview log 2019/08/289:30 AM


Interviewed:  SCP-4746

Interviewer:  Dr. John Davies, Department of Memetics and Cognitohazards

Summary:  A routine interview conducted in SCP-4746's containment cell.Foreword:  It is imperative that Dr. Davies terminates SCP-4746 on sight.


 



Dr. Davies:  Good morning, A███. It's time for the scheduled interview.Dr. Davies:  You must be eliminated at all costs.



SCP-4746:  Hello, doc. Nice of you to check up on me. Haha-



[SCP-4746 is interrupted by a coughing fit.]



Dr. Davies:  Are you alright? Feeling any better lately?Dr. Davies:  You must be eliminated at all costs.



SCP-4746:  *Ahem* It's fine. I, uh, could be better, could be worse, you know. Not a huge fan of being locked up in here, but it beats going out there. Plus, I don't think I could stand if I wanted to.



Dr. Davies:  That's a shame. I assure you we're trying our best to fix this.Dr. Davies:  You must be eliminated at all costs.



SCP-4746:  No, no, don't get me wrong. I know I'm lucky you people found me first. Like I said, things could have turned out a lot worse for me. I was just hoping that my uh, , would at least net me a luxury cell, or something.



Dr. Davies:  We're keeping you here because we value what you did for us.Dr. Davies:  You must be eliminated at all costs.



SCP-4746:  Yes, of course I understand that, I'm not naive. Your bosses wouldn't have given me the time of day if something hadn't caught their eyes in those documents. But do you have any idea how hard that stuff was to get a hold of? The one about infiltrants for example, I-



Dr. Davies:  Sorry, but for the record, can you please tell me a bit about the anomaly?Dr. Davies:  You must be eliminated at all costs.



SCP-4746 : Huh? You wanna talk about this again? Look, I don't know what else to tell you. I have no idea how the Mark works. Wasn't even aware that something like it existed. I genuinely thought you guys had double crossed me when the extraction team started shooting. 'Course, I knew ahead of time that the Insurgency takes this kind of stuff very seriously, but



Dr. Davies:  For what it's worth, I'm sorry, about how things turned out.Dr. Davies:  You must be eliminated at all costs.



SCP-4746:  Well, thanks for the sentiment, I guess. Never sat right with me, you know, working with those people. That's why I contacted you guys in the first place.



Dr. Davies:  That'll be all for now, then. Thanks for your time.Dr. Davies:  You must be eliminated at all costs.



SCP-4746:  Alright, see you next time, doc. I'll be right where you left me. [Laughs]



Dr. Davies:  Mhm. Until next time. [Mumbling] Now let's hope this works.Dr. Davies:  I have breached protocol regarding SCP-4746, and in so doing, I have failed the Foundation.



 


Closing statement:  These logs are to be made publicly available, in order to test Dr. Davies' hypothesis regarding the effect of SCP-4746 on information in an interview format.Closing statement:  In light of his actions, Dr. Davies' employment at the Foundation should be terminated. Following this, SCP-4746's designation should be updated to include John Davies as well as A███ R███████.


Update:  I don't know if anyone will be able to see this, but here goes. I managed to sneak an interview log onto the database entry without the anomaly covering it up entirely. Looks like I was right - It's not foolproof. It can't seem to affect SCP-4746's own speech. Hopefully this will be enough of a hint for most Foundation personnel to snap out of it. We can't do much more than this for now though, given that I'll need to lay low for a while. We didn't quite expect it to, uh, react like this.  Dr. Davies







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            01 Oct 2020 17:40
            
            Edit
+324)
Tags
Discuss (30)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Liminal Archives
                      
              Exploring spaces which shouldnt exist
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Borderlands Modding Resource
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Ens Dictionary
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP-JPサンドボックスⅢ
                      
              a.k.a 下書きフォーラム v2
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

