                        


Item #:  SCP-3136

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3136 is to be stored within the document tube it was initially found in. The document tube and SCP-3136 are to be locked in a secure, lead lined case. The case may only be unlocked by researchers involved with SCP-3136, or by O5 authorization.

Description:  SCP-3136 is a Mercator projection world map1 that measures approximately two meters by three meters in area; it lacks symbols, or identifying marks of any kind. Upon adding any marking inside a body of water, SCP-3136's anomalous property activates. An aquatic organism matching the dimensions of this marking  until this occurs, all attempts to mark or draw upon the map will fail.

Instances of SCP-3136-1 are aquatic organisms that possess fully functioning organs. When removed from the ocean, these organs immediately fail. These organisms do not have to exist to be created, as SCP-3136 will add suitable organs according to the needs of the instance.

Recovery:  On February 18th, 2016, an SCP-3136-1 instance was discovered off the coast of Australia. Prior to this, Foundation web crawlers flagged a video SCP-3136 posted to Facebook by a student at Loyola Marymount University, California. The video showed the anomalous property in which markings disappear from the map paper.

SCP-3136 was recovered from the home of one Dr. Adebagbo, a professor of history and cartography. The link to SCP-3136-1A was discovered due to the lobster symbol moving in tandem with SCP-3136-1A.

Testing Logs: 


Artist
Artist's Depiction
Test Results
Containment/Death


Dr. Adebagbo
A small black creature comparable to a lobster with 10 legs. Drawn with an antique ink pen
30m jet-black lobster devoid of irregularities.
Suffered from total organ failure during transfer to a Foundation secure facility.


Class-C Personnel
A small circle with fins and a mouth, drawn in an oceanic net in Foundation Site-1028. The drawing was done with a sharp pencil.
Imperfectly spherical creature with seal-like skin, and was 5 meters in diameter.
Died of total organ failure 16 days after creation.


Class-C Personnel with artistic experience
Researcher had artistic experience and reference pictures of blue whales. Picture appeared to be a perfectly proportional blue whale. Drawn with an outline pen and colored pencils.
Blue whale with an exoskeleton composed of chitin. Has massive shape irregularities when compared to a regular blue whale.
Harpooned multiple times to see the effect of premature death on SCP-3136-1 instances. After slight vocalizations,SCP-3136-1C died and disappeared from the map. SCP-3136 could not be drawn on afterwards for approximately 11 days.


Class-C Personnel with artistic experience
Two near-identical squids, a male and a female. Drawn with dull pencil.
Two squids at half the expected size. One complete set of squid organs was evenly distributed between the two instances.
Died upon creation due to lack of vital organs.


Class-C Personnel
Drawn by a Foundation researcher. Instructed to draw a straight line on SCP-3136 within the containment area. Drawn with a permanent black marker.
A 44 meter long eel-like creature with a chitinous shell that rendered it immobile. SCP-3136-1F possessed shape irregularities corresponding to inaccuracies in the Mercator projection.
Died of malnourishment within a week due to its inability to eat and lack of Foundation assistance. SCP-3136 could not be drawn on for 7 days afterwards.


Mechanical Arm
Whale that conforms to map distortions as calculated by researchers. Drawn with blue crayon.
Large whale-like creature, with skin similar in composition to that of a gorilla, and thick blue fur. Displays intelligence and is taught to answer polar questions.
Has survived in containment for 2 months. Is to be fed via food dispenser triggered by SCP-3136-1G. Researchers are not to attempt Skinner box experiments upon SCP-3136-G due to aggression. MTF-Theta-7 () are to be armed with specially manufactured tranquilizer darts and are to avoid causing the instance harm in any way.



Footnotes
1. The Mercator projection is a common map projection in the early days of cartography which is infamous for distorting the sizes of landmasses relative to their real-world sizes. Large oceans tend to remain relatively undistorted.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 17:33
            
            Edit
+89)
Tags
Discuss (12)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            La Insurgencia del Caos
                      
              Creando la Lógica De lo Ilógico
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot Community
                      
              hints / tips / help / discussion
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Text Analytics Wiki
                      
              All things unstructured...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiPlan
                      
              tools for participatory design of cities
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

