                        







SCP-2586



Item #:  SCP-2586

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  UPDATED 2017-02-25

SCP-2586 is kept in a full-body restraint at all times, with exceptions for nutrition and hygienic concerns. SCP-2586 must be closely supervised at all times when allowed to use its hands; should it make any motion not directly relevant to the task at hand, it must be incapacitated via electroshock weapon immediately. SCP-2586 has a Standard Risk Rating of 03/09/13.

Any public commentary regarding name changes effected by SCP-2586 is to be suppressed. When appropriate, affected individuals should be removed from the public eye.

Description:  SCP-2586 is a human male, roughly 35 years of age at time of writing. Its chest bears a tattoo reading . SCP-2586 is able to effect global, instantaneous alteration of the name of any person: all extant documentation of the target will be altered to a particularly unfitting form, while all individuals who knew the target's original name will become aware of the new name.

While subjects are aware of the denotations of the new name, all connotations of the original name are preserved; typically, subjects will not have any particular emotional reaction to the new name, even when it would normally be disturbing or amusing. The exception to this effect is the target, who will react as expected to their change in name.

SCP-2586 can activate this ability by miming the use of an implement to commit a violent action against the target. Targets are affected in a manner appropriate for the implement mimicked: by pretending to wield a rifle, SCP-2586 can affect targets instantaneously from a range of several hundred meters; when it pretended to empty a bottle into a jug of water, all subjects who subsequently drank from the jug were affected, etc.

While SCP-2586 can understand written and spoken English, it has not attempted verbal communication at any point. It will attempt to escape containment when given the opportunity. It is apparently unaware of the nature of its anomalous properties, and will act as though it has the ability to access and operate genuine weapons; escape attempts thus pose minimal risk to personnel. SCP-2586 has not cooperated with any request or directive except under duress.

Recovery:  SCP-2586 was initially detained on October 19th, 2016 at the University of Nevada in Las Vegas while attempting to attend the ongoing presidential election debate between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. It activated its anomalous properties on several security personnel attending the event, and attempted to sneak past during the resultant confusion. After SCP-2586 was found to be unarmed, it was remanded to the Las Vegas Police Department. It affected seven police officers before Foundation personnel embedded in the department correctly assessed and neutralized the threat.

Addendum:  At time of recovery, SCP-2586 had a copy of the following document on its person.



Holy Heck!  You've just found yourself your very own Mr. Literal Serial Killer  by Gamers Against Weed! The working title was . Who is Dr. Annoymaker?

Find them all and become Mr. Gamer!

01. Mr. Literal Serial Killer ✔

02. Mr. Infinite Swag

03. Mr. Socialist

04. Mr. Difficult Choice

20. Mr. Weed Number

21. Mr. Debatably Valuable Qualities

22. Mr. Unfortunate Coincidences

23. Mr. Sue

24. Mr. Coming Up

25. Mrs. Down-To-Earth

26. Ms. Reasonable Priorities

27. Mr. Popular

28. Mr. Stranger (rebooted)

29. Mr. Singularity

30. Mr. CK

31. Ms. SALT

32. Mr. Professional

33. Mr. Has It All

34. Mr. Dumb and Mr. Dumber

35. Mr. Suspense
附加记录：    

Addendum:  In February of 2017, SCP-2586 began to exhibit digestive upset and abdominal pain, which an examination identified as symptoms of appendicitis. An appendectomy was performed on 2017-02-16 without issue. Shortly after SCP-2586 was returned to its containment cell, its anomalous properties activated, affecting 134 personnel in and near the medical bay where its procedure was performed.

A review of surveillance footage indicates that SCP-2586 had, over the course of several months, covertly mimed the construction of an explosive device in its cell.1 SCP-2586 avoided intervention from security personnel by spending no more than two seconds at a time constructing the . It then pretended to plant the device in the aforementioned medical bay, and activate it while recovering from surgery.

Recommending 24/7 restraint of SCP-2586. The emotional impact of this incident has caused a noticeable decline in productivity and morale at Site-17, not to mention the expenses associated with information suppression. Another incident of this nature is unacceptable.- Researcher Louis Cannon

Approved.- Site Director Roland Joints

Footnotes
1. This suggests that SCP-2586 is aware of personnel's inability to observe the  it creates.









‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  ted-bundy.png

Name:  File:Richard Murphy mug shot.jpg

Author:  U.S. Marshals Service

License:  public domain

Source Link:  https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Richard_Murphy_mug_shot.jpg
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                telekinetic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            28 Nov 2020 05:48
            
            Edit
+153)
Tags
Discuss (44)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Environmental Journalists in India
                      
              Sign Up Here If Your Ink Is Green
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            ВИК 
                      
              ​
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fifa Be A Pro 360
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sandbox SCP L. Alex
                      
              Et northographe !
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

