                        




Thumbnail1 for SCP-4515 instance #023, titled The Human DNA Paradox.



Item #:  SCP-4515

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  Internet video hosting sites and social media platforms are to be monitored for any new instances of SCP-4515 using neural network analysis bot Iota-75 (). Any found instances are to be downloaded to a remote storage device for cataloging and expunged from all related sites. All individuals known to have viewed the instance in question are to be detained and transferred to Site-401 for standard humanoid containment until further notice. Cataloged videos are not to be viewed at this time.

Additionally, all efforts are to be dedicated to locating the source behind every instance of SCP-4515 as well as any information regarding SCP-4515-A. Research into reversing the effects of SCP-4515 is currently underway; all research inquiries are to be directed towards lead researcher Dr. Hightower.

Description:  SCP-4515 is the designation given to a series of internet videos created in the style of the popular educational YouTube channel, Vsauce. While the format for SCP-4515 instances mirrors that of the original series, the topics featured in each instance differ wildly from that of a typical Vsauce video.

SCP-4515-A refers to the anomalous humanoid entity featured in every video. This entity, by all accounts, looks identical to the host of the show that SCP-4515 is based on. The host of the official channel, hereby referred to as PoI-4515, expresses no knowledge of any of these videos.

SCP-4515 manifests itself on any website that allows video hosting, ranging from popular sites such as YouTube, Vimeo, and Dailymotion, to unorthodox ones such as PornHub or pirated media hosts. The manifestations do not seem to follow a pattern, as the time between uploads and the site on which each instance appears is different every time. Locating the source of these videos thus far has been unsuccessful, as the IP addresses of each uploader point to unique locations that do not exist.

Following Incident 4515-Alpha, access to archives of SCP-4515 has been restricted to research purposes only. Any and all requests for access must be sent to lead researcher Dr. Hightower.

Addendum 4515.1:  Examples of SCP-4515 videos:

+Examples

-Hide




Video Title:  Why is the sky?

Upload information:  Uploaded to YouTube under the channel name .

Upload Date:  03/11/201█

[Begin Log] 

  The video starts in a dimly lit room, with broken glass in the background. Quiet, keyboard-based music is playing.



  A picture of a poorly drawn question mark on a piece of paper appears on screen.



  SCP-4515-A winces as though in pain.



  The word “Others” appears on screen.

  The video cuts to SCP-4515-A sitting down on a stained sofa in the middle of an empty room.



  A photograph of a relief painting of the sun, moon, and clouds appears onscreen. The relief expresses a similar style to Egyptian artwork from the 20th century.

  “There are few of us left. I do not know how long I have until I am finished. This is my final warning to you. It will happen. The second Dawn.”

  SCP-4515-A stares at the camera.

  The video ends.

[End Log] 
附加记录：    



Video Title:  The Vasilievich Problem2

Upload Information:  Uploaded to xHamster3

Upload Date:  05/01/201█

[Begin Log] 

 the source appears to be emanating from below the camera. The video quality is remarkably low compared to other videos.



  SCP-4515-A motions behind itself with its hands.

One man attempted to figure this out, and what he found is fascinating.”

  A blurry photograph of an unknown man in a laboratory coat can be seen.



  SCP-4515-A stops talking to look behind the camera.



  SCP-4515-A holds up a napkin with a single line written on it and begins reading from it.



  SCP-4515-A appears to begin reading from the other side of the napkin, despite the absence of visible writing on that side.



  SCP-4515-A physically recoils.

Vasilievich has brought a lot to the table. Of course, “they” in his writings refers to- Shit.”

  SCP-4515-A stops talking and hastily looks behind it. “They found me.”

  SCP-4515-A suddenly runs past the video camera, while its footsteps can be heard fading behind the camera.

  Large footsteps can be heard approaching the front of the camera.

  The video ends.

[End Log] 
附加记录：    



Video Title:  Are we alone?

Upload information:  Uploaded to The Pirate Bay4. The video description only consists of the sentence, “Come find out!”

Upload Date:  07/04/201█

[Begin Log] 

  The video starts in a room roughly 20 square meters with brown wallpaper. The room is furnished with only a chair and a foldable table. SCP-4515-A is seen walking into frame, holding a permanent marker. Resting on the table is a blank piece of paper.

  SCP-4515-A sits down behind the table and stares at the camera.

  “Hey, how's it going, Michael here.”

  The video cuts to footage taken above the table, focused on the piece of paper. SCP-4515-A begins to draw Middle Egyptian hieroglyphs.

 (i'ḥ). The footage cuts back to its original position, showing that SCP-4515-A has not stopped looking at the original camera.

  SCP-4515-A continues staring at the camera. For the remainder of the video, it does not move its head or blink at any point.

  “Let’s think about that for a second.”

  “But what does it really mean?”

  A black-and-white photograph of the rotting corpse of a dog is displayed for three seconds.

  “You know, there's a word for that.”

 briefly appear on screen.

  “It's here.”

  The video ends.

[End Log] 
附加记录：    



Video Title:  Where is it?

Upload Information:  Uploaded to MySpace under the user 

Upload Date:  10/23/201█

[Begin Log] 

[This video differs greatly from the other videos in composition. SCP-4515-A is presumably holding the camera this time, as the camera is shaky and its voice is behind the camera for the entirety of the video. The entire video is done in one take.]

  The video takes place in what appears to be a private residential apartment, showing signs of a hasty search.



  The camera pans around the room.

 SCP-4515-A laughs.

 appear onscreen.



  SCP-4515-A begins searching through a pile of VHS tapes.



  SCP-4515-A moves into the bedroom and reveals what appears to be a family of 3 tied up to chairs with their arms behind their backs.

 SCP-4515-A closes in on the face of one of the hostages as he whimpers.

  The footage cuts off, while the audio continues to play.

  A muffled scream is audible.

  The video ends.

[End Log] 
附加记录：    




Addendum 4515.2:  Incident Report 4515-Alpha:

On 11/12/201█, reports of cult activity located inside an abandoned warehouse emerged in Kansas City, Missouri. Foundation agents were sent to investigate while a disinformation campaign and general Class-A amnestics were deployed to the local population as needed.

Upon reaching the warehouse, the officers called for backup when they found a group of 15 people all bearing facial structures similar to PoI-4515. They found the group crowded around a pile of wooden boxes set up in the middle of the warehouse. Resting on top of the boxes, a human male was cut open with his heart and genitals missing, surrounded by various educational paraphernalia. Four lines shaped in the style of the Vsauce logo were painted on the ground, bearing the consistency of a green viscous liquid. Later tests revealed the liquid to have the same chemical makeup as Nickelodeon brand toy slime.

All members were detained and brought in for questioning.

+4515-Alpha-011B

-Interview




The following interview takes place between Dr. Ackermann, a junior researcher under the Foundation's Cult Division, and one of the detained group members. Preliminary questions have been omitted for brevity.

Date:  11/13/201█

Interviewed:  SCP-4515-Alpha-011

Interviewer:  Dr. Ackermann

[Begin Log] 

Dr. Ackermann:  Did you always look like the host from Vsauce?

SCP-4515-Alpha-011:  Of course not. We all started as our old, unfinished forms until we saw the light.

Dr. Ackermann:  What exactly happened to cause this change? And what do you mean by ?

SCP-4515-Alpha-011:  We all watched his videos. His true videos, not the meaningless crap that he posts to his simpleton  channel. Once I saw the truth, everything made sense.

Dr. Ackermann:  Uh-huh. And what “truth” would you be referring to?

SCP-4515-Alpha-011:  The fact that we are all broken. Clay tossed aside to be forgotten. And it is through him and his divine knowledge that molds us into what we should be.

Dr. Ackerman:  I see. What was your group attempting in the warehouse?

SCP-4515-Alpha-011:  If you saw the light, you would understand. Watching his videos was simply not enough. We needed a proper sacrifice for him, to show him what he means to us.

Dr. Ackermann:  Interesting. Do you know of any way to reverse the effects of the videos?

SCP-4515-Alpha-011:  Why would we want to go back? We are perfect now. Nobody would ever want to discard that.

Dr. Ackermann:  Well, let's say that someone does.

SCP-4515-Alpha-011:  You think I would just let his cause go to waste, just like that? You are sorely mistaken.

Dr. Ackermann:  So you're saying a cure exists?

SCP-4515-Alpha-011:  In order to swap, the readings are going to have to cross at least once.

Dr. Ackermann:  Sorry?

SCP-4515-Alpha-011:  They can be named more than once, and be colored in more than one color.

Dr. Ackermann:  I'm not following.

SCP-4515-Alpha-011:  The circuit will be complete, and the lamp will be on.

SCP-4515-Alpha-011 attempts to strangle Dr. Ackermann. Security personnel enter the interview chamber and escort SCP-4515-Alpha-011 back to his chambers.

[End Log] 
附加记录：    




Addendum 4515.3:  On 11/15/201█, PoI-4515 was contacted to determine his involvement with the recent events.

+PoI-4515-001A

-Interview




The following interview takes place under the pretense of a police investigation between lead researcher Dr. Hightower, posing as a police officer, and Michael Stevens, host of Vsauce.

Date:  11/15/201█

Interviewed:  PoI-4515

Interviewer:  Dr. Hightower

[Begin Log] 

Dr. Hightower:  Thank you for coming in, Michael.

PoI-4515:  Oh, any time. What's this all about?

Dr. Hightower:  We just had a few questions about your associated YouTube channels.

PoI-4515:  Alright then. Shoot me, officer. In the metaphorical sense, of course. Don't actually shoot me.

Dr. Hightower:  Yes, of course So our first question is, do you post your videos to any sites besides YouTube? Or do you ever post videos under to YouTube under different channel names?

PoI-4515:  Well, the only channels that I personally post under are the same ones I've always posted to: our main channel and my personal channel. I don't see why we would post our videos anywhere else.

Dr. Hightower:  Okay, good to know. Do you know of anyone else that would be posting under your name?

PoI-4515:  Well besides the other guys posting to our spin-off shows, I don't know anyone who would have access to our channels. Why, did something come up?

Dr. Hightower  These are just standard questions related to the investigation.

PoI-4515:  Alright, I guess that's fine. Hey, since we're on the topic, you guys wouldn't happen to have received any information about a guy named Jake Roper5, would you? He hasn't been responding to our messages for the past few days, and I wasn't sure if you guys knew anything about where he might be.

Dr. Hightower:  From my knowledge, no, we haven't. If you'd like to make a missing person’s report, our department has forms that you can fill out.

PoI-4515:  Yeah, figured as much. I definitely didn't want to resort to filing a missing person's report, but it's just not like him to disappear like that.

Dr. Hightower:  Nobody does. Hopefully, you'll hear from him soon. Alright, we just have one more question. Have you heard of any of your viewers expressing cult-like behaviors based on you or your channels?

PoI-4515:  Cult behavior? Besides having a  [PoI-4515 clears his throat] No, I've never heard of anyone using our channels as a basis for a cult. Is there something going on with our channels that I should be aware of? This sounds pretty serious.

Dr. Hightower:  No, nothing you need to worry about. Thank you for your time, that's all the questions that we had for you.

PoI-4515:  Oh, alright. [PoI-4515 grimaces as though experiencing pain] Hopefully whatever is happening can get sorted out quickly.

[End Log] 
附加记录：    




Footnotes
1. The Middle Egyptian hieroglyph featured translates to Son of the Ra.
2. No record of such a named  or anyone notable by that name currently exists. Classification of PoI status pending.
3. A popular porn site.
4. A popular host for pirated media.
5. Host for the third Vsauce YouTube channel, Vsauce3.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Dec 2020 05:30
            
            Edit
+79)
Tags
Discuss (19)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            ASP.NET Wiki
                      
              This website is no longer actively supported
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Killing Floor Map Database
                      
              KFMapDB.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Puppet中文wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            The Employment Network of SB
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

