                        


Item #:  SCP-1657

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  All instances of SCP-1657 are to be kept in Frozen Storage at Site 23. Testing of these objects, including the hatching of SCP-1657-A instances, requires approval from at least three (3) Level-3 personnel.

All SCP-1657-A instances are to be kept in separate humanoid containment chambers for the duration of their lives. A general feeding schedule has been created for all SCP-1657-A; however, if it appears that any given instance requires a different diet or schedule, Dr. Armstrong is to be contacted and consulted.

Description:  SCP-1657 refers to a collection of seventy-four (74) eggs, ranging between 5cm in length. They are normally white in coloration, though occasionally pink and red colored eggs will also be found. SCP-1657 can be indefinitely kept at temperatures between 0oC and 15oC. If these eggs are kept in conditions of a certain temperature and humidity, they will hatch and yield specimens of SCP-1657-A. See Document-1657-Alpha for more specific details on the incubation of these eggs.

SCP-1657-A appear to be closely related to humans (Homo sapiens sapiens), except that they are not sapient, lack hair, nails, and teeth, and are often deformed, sprouting extraneous appendages or organs during regular growth. Furthermore, once hatched, these entities will grow to the size of an adult human and reach maturity in approximately thirteen (13) days, with the average total lifespan being about seventeen (17) days.

SCP-1657-A instances are compliant and docile, as well as appearing to fear all living organisms. If the entity possesses sensory organs, then it will use them to attempt to distance itself as far away as possible from all other beings. If these aspects are not present, the entity will then only move away from something when touched. If left alone in a soothing environment for a long period of time, SCP-1657-A may produce additional instances of SCP-1657.

Testing has shown that members of SCP-1657-A possess a collective memory. Specifically, this was discovered during primary physical endurance testing when SCP-1657-A-07 approached fire with curiosity and subsequently died. After this point, all individuals that hatched showed great aversion and fear to fire. Testing with alternative stimuli has confirmed these results. See Test Log-1657-Kappa for the full log.

SCP-1657 was originally found in ████, Tennessee, within the house of █████ ████, a known high-ranking member of GoI-███ (████ ██ ████), and subsequently contained. Six (6) packages holding fifteen (15) instances of SCP-1657 each were found at this location and subsequently contained. Each of these packages is labeled in the same manner with a flyer, as transcribed in Addendum-1657-Gamma. Additionally, blood that was later identified as belonging to SCP-1657-A instances was found dried onto several surfaces and appliances in █████ ████’s sink, refrigerator, and frying pans.

Addendum-1657-Gamma: 



MAN EGG


Need more punch  to your breakfast? Grocery store eggs not working for you? Wish you could have a goddamn  masculine omelette for once in your goddamn  miserable life? Then buy the MAN EGG . MAN EGG  will make you MANLY . Ever hear of, “You are what you eat?” Well, we at ████████ ████ believe it’s 100% goddamn true . That’s why we make our eggs out of REAL HUMANS *. So what are you waiting for? GO SCRAMBLE AND EAT THE FUCKING MAN EGG, YOU MUSCULAR SONUVABITCH. 
WARNING: KEEP EGGS REFRIGERATED WHENEVER THEY ARE NOT BEING DIRECTLY USED FOR COOKING. DO NOT LEAVE EGGS OUTSIDE OF A COLD ENVIRONMENT FOR MORE THAN HALF AN HOUR AT A TIME. IF ANYTHING EMERGES FROM YOUR MAN EGG, PLEASE CALL █-███-███-████.

http://www.██████████.███/█████/██/██.

[REDACTED]1
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Here, a symbol known to be connected with GoI-256 (Creations of Man) was printed. Foundation operatives are currently investigating a connection between these objects and the group’s Genesis 127 project.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Aug 2020 17:24
            
            Edit
+192)
Tags
Discuss (66)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Portalul Seriilor de Informatica
                      
              Facultatea de Matematica si Informatica, Universitatea din Bucuresti
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Type Set Coin Collecting
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Porphyra Roleplaying Game
                      
              Always a Work-In-Progress
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SMLT Container
                      
              The SCP Sandbox by Nerds for Nerds.
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

