                        


Item #:  SCP-302

Object Class : Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-302 is to be kept in Site-[REDACTED], under Safe-3 Protocols. Artifact should be handled with gloves at all times, and utmost precautions should be taken to ensure that the artifact does not make skin contact with unauthorized personnel. Any personnel not scheduled for testing that begin showing signs of SCP-302's effects may apply for termination. All subjects suffering from SCP-302's affliction should be terminated after no longer than eight (8) days due to [DATA EXPUNGED].

Description:  SCP-302 is a small tin sculpture with a bronze/patina finish depicting two ants carrying a leaf. Whenever a human makes direct skin contact with the artifact, they will invariably find a single, small, relatively harmless ant on their person within (2) hours. This ant may belong to any of several different small ant species, and its appearance rarely causes much alarm. It is of note that in all recorded cases, subjects have always distinctly noticed this first ant and fully remember seeing it.

Thereafter, an exponentially increasing number of ants will appear on the exposed subject by day. Throughout the entire day, the number of ants that appear seems to be in the range of 3X to 5X, where X is the number of days since initial contact with SCP-302. As time progresses, the ants not only increase in number, but also change in species. Smaller, minimally harmful species appear at first, later transitioning to larger species, or species with more painful stings or bites.

Ants seem to appear out of the nearest unobserved space; this includes from under clothes, near-by objects, or, if left with no alternatives, bodily orifices. Ants seem singularly preoccupied with exploring or attacking the affected individual, and will not stop until either themselves or the subject is deceased.

Addendum 302-01 : Subject of Test Log 2 was a single D-Class Personnel. Subject was told he was to participate in  with exercise equipment, various books and magazines, and a color television. Subject was exposed to SCP-302 without his knowledge.

 



Days 1  2 

Subject spends his time in leisurely pursuits. Subject expresses great satisfaction, and reports nothing out of the ordinary.

Day 3 

Subject reports small ant problem, and admits it is probably his fault for letting crumbs fall over the couch and carpet. Subject admits he noticed an ant two days previous, but did not think it was worth mentioning. Subject reports great satisfaction otherwise, and requests a can of bug spray.

Day 4 

Subject reports that ant problem persists despite his best efforts to spray the room, and that the ants have become more numerous and occasionally painful. Subject reports that the ants seem bigger, and different from those he saw the day before. Subject still reports relative happiness with the experiment.

Day 5 

Subject reports great annoyance and increased pain, as ants are now nearly always on his person. Ants seem to have changed once more, becoming more aggressive and agitated. At this point subject clearly suspects ants are not of a normal nature.

Day 6 

Subject in great pain. On average, five (5) tropical green-head ants (Rhytidoponera metallica) are seen to appear every minute on subject throughout entire day. Subject becomes aggressive due to pain, and demands to be released from chamber. Pretense for experiment is dropped, and subject is restrained and given medical attention.

Day 7 

Subject in great pain. An average of twenty-five (25) tropical fire ants (Solenopsis solenopsidis) are seen to appear every minute on subject. Subject requires continuous ant removal.

Day 8 

Subject is heavily medicated, and unconscious through majority of day. An average of 140 bullet ants (Paraponera clavata) appear on subject each minute. Rapid ant removal and anti-inflammatory medicine is necessary.

Day 9 

[DATA EXPUNGED]. Subject and experiment are terminated.
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                tactile
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            21 Nov 2017 01:06
            
            Edit
+206)
Tags
Discuss (33)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            MIS 213-2
                      
              Intro to IS
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Digital Vomit Records
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            gaybox
                      
              im you but stronger
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Intro to Psychology (PSYC 101)
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

