                        





Item #:  SCP-3746

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  All affected subjects are to be given Class-C amnestics and employed at Foundation front companies for further analysis. Should they attempt to contact their family, a higher level of amnestic therapy is to be administered and the subject is to be placed under Foundation psychiatric care.

Description:  SCP-3746 is a phenomenon affecting adult male humans residing within the continental United States who are living with their maternal parent.

Affected subjects will perceive the individual in their lives they identify as their mother deceased upon waking. Evidence recovered during containment operations suggests that affected subjects attended or were aware of a seminar entitled .1 A statistically significant portion of individuals who self-reported attending these classes have reported experiencing night terrors, erotic, lucid or other extreme dream states prior to SCP-3746’s manifestation.

There is no known pattern in the causes of the deaths perceived by those affected by SCP-3746; most frequently it is natural causes. If the subject comes into contact with their mother, the contacted flesh will experience a drastic drop in temperature followed by the rapid onset of rigor mortis, and the ossification of bones.

If at any point the subject's mother loses consciousness, such as falling asleep, they will appear to be deceased through any measurement or observation taken by the subject2. An immediate compulsion to bury the apparently deceased follows, with affected individuals frequently failing to utilize obvious tools in favor of their hands. This effect ceases if the two are separated, if the mother perishes, or if the attempt is successful.

SCP-3746 was initially discovered after Foundation I/Os picked up on imageboards popular in the United States which had postings about the phenomenon. As of 2017/05/05, 67 cases have been documented and contained by the Foundation.

Case 29:  On 2017/04/02, Benjamin Miller phoned 911 after claiming to have found his 68-year-old mother collapsed and bleeding in their home. A transcript of the 911 call is attached.


 

Dispatch:  Nine-one-one. What is your emergency?

Miller:  O-oh fucking Chri- holyshitholycowohman mom's bleeding out on the floor, oh Jesu-

Dispatch:  Sir, what's your address?

Miller:  1240 Quinn- oh, oh, oh fuck 

Dispatch:  Sir, I need your address!

Miller:  1240 Quinn Hill Rd, Plantation and please please hurry!

Dispatch:  Okay, an ambulance is en rou-

Ms. Miller:   Ben? Get off the phone, what’s gotten into you today?

Dispatch:  Is that your Mother?

Miller:  Something’s happening! I’m going to try CPR! How do y’all do that?

Dispatch:  Sir, who’s hurt? Please don’t try anything you don’t know how to do until the paramedics arrive.

Miller:  You don't know me! I can do it. Mom!

Phone is put down.

Dispatch:  Hello? Hello?

From a distance.

Miller:  Mom! Mom, calm down, I'm trying to help!

Ms. Miller:  Stop! Stop! I can’t breathe! Get your 

Miller:  Staying alive get warm, please, staying alive

Ms. Miller:  

Miller:  I think someone’s here.

Note:  Paramedics arrived shortly after and removed Benjamin Miller from his mother's person before attempting to administer assistance. Ms. Miller expired due to chest cavity collapse resulting in fatal trauma, and Foundation assets discovered the SCP-3746 involvement during Benjamin Miller's trial.
 
附加记录：    

Addendum 3746.1:  On 09/18/2018, Foundation agents learned of an apparent SCP-3746-related seminar being organized in Portland, Oregon. Observation showed that the event was not attended by the organizers or locals. Literature and other paraphernalia recovered had heavily plagiarized contents, from materials such as encyclopedias of natural phenomenon, Freudian psychology, recipe books, and sex manuals.

The venue was not able to provide record of who booked the event. Local communities are now being monitored specifically for SCP-3746 related phenomenon.

Footnotes
1. Advertisements and materials for this course have not been found outside containment operations, and the investigation is ongoing.
2. Temperature, pulse check and reaction testing will show no signs of life if performed by the affected subject








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sensory
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jun 2020 15:31
            
            Edit
+77)
Tags
Discuss (20)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fundația SCP
                      
              Secure, Contain, Protect
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikidot - Free and Pro Wiki Hosting
                      
              your place on the web
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            PEMARF
                      
              Princípios de Evolução Molecular Aplicados à Reconstrução Filogenética
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Uniofbeds
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

