                        




The approximate shape of SCP-4594, marked in green, within Greater London



Item #:  SCP-4594

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  An appropriate number of Foundation agents must be embedded as sewerage maintenance personnel in affected London boroughs and are tasked with reporting novel instances of SCP-4594-1 and 4594-2 to Site-95. Non-Foundation personnel and civilians observing or otherwise interacting with SCP-4594 are to be amnesticised and released.

The location of the primary SCP-4594 mass must be tracked via ground-penetrating radar. A minimum of one weekly rodent-based exploration of SCP-4594's interior is to be conducted with the purpose of identifying any deviation from the established characteristics of the object.

Description:  SCP-4594 is a tubular organic structure resembling a human esophagus located below the city of London, UK. SCP-4594 forms a loop 380m below the surface. However, shorter tubes extend upward from the primary structure at irregular intervals and terminate in either sphincters (SCP-4594-1), which expel matter from the object, or mouth-like cavities1 (SCP-4594-2), which accept matter. These structures are seamlessly connected to the city’s sewerage infrastructure and are the only conventional means of access to SCP-4594.

SCP-4594 is motile. In addition to undergoing continuous peristalsis2, the object is capable of large-scale movement by using its own mass to abrade the surrounding earth. In this manner, SCP-4594 has adapted to the changing subterranean infrastructural landscape of the city by selectively avoiding certain features, including the London Underground, while remaining in proximity to the evolving sewerage network.

SCP-4594’s interior is host to an indeterminate number of rodents and other small mammals that use the object as a means of travel. Movement within 4594 occurs by utilising the object's peristaltic contractions to achieve forward propulsion. The majority of the population consists of house mice and brown rats, but cats, dogs, foxes, moles, and Eastern grey squirrels have also been documented. Despite the high incidence of crowding, SCP-4594’s occupants are docile and do not actively interact with one another, instead remaining limp while within 4594. There is no evidence to suggest that animals observed in SCP-4594 are anomalous in origin.

SCP-4594 has been known to the Foundation since 2013. However, an examination of administrative records as well as disparate personal accounts of city residents suggests 4594 may have existed in some capacity since the advent of London’s modern sewerage network in the late 19th century.

Incident 4594-1:  A rodent-based exploration of SCP-4594 on 15th March 2019 was interrupted after the animal in question (a house mouse, designated R1871) was swallowed by a prominently-eared humanoid entity emerging through the solid mass of 4594. R1871 was approaching the sewers below the Royal Albert Hall at the time. Although the video feed was compromised in the process, audio transmissions were still received at Site-95 for several hours following the initial incident. A partial transcription is provided below.



 

  Rushing air.



  Brief splatter. R1871 breathing but otherwise silent. Deep thumping, similar to a heartbeat, in the distance.

  Approaching footsteps which abruptly cease. Sniffing followed by prolonged, high-pitched giggling.

  Heavy grunting.

  Wet burst followed by dripping and a soft thud. Giggling continues.

  Footsteps interspersed with scurrying.

  Muffled orchestral music and singing. Thumping intensifies.

  R1871 begins squeaking.

  Singing and orchestral music become clearer. R1871 matches the rhythm with its vocalisations.

  Thumping becomes louder. R1871’s squeaks indistinguishable from deep, joyful humming.

  Thumping reaches greatest volume. Music and singing drowned out.

  R1871 screams, before breaking into song.

  Loud, extended belch.

 
附加记录：    

At the time of transmission, the Mountbatten Festival of Music was being held at the Royal Albert Hall. However, no suspicious activity at the Festival was reported. Excavation beneath the Hall is ongoing.

Footnotes
1. Although vestigial jaws and teeth often accompany observed cavities, mastication does not occur.
2. Peristalsis is the contraction and relaxation of muscles that propagates in a wave down a tube. In the process of digestion, peristalsis propels material along the gastrointestinal tract.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                subterranean
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 22:04
            
            Edit
+21)
Tags
Discuss (12)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Yerkos Sandbox IV
                      
              ¿Cuatro ya? LeL
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Demons Souls English Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Explained
                      
              Simplify, Condense, Paraphrase
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiNorron
                      
              Almost as good as the guide, maybe better!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

