                        


Item #:  SCP-419

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-419 is to be kept within a steel alloy2 leading to another room with the same dimensions. Two guards are positioned outside of the containment room near the viewing bay and are authorized to use lethal force. They shift every three (3) hours. SCP-419 must be cleaned daily with ordinary window-cleaning supplies. Any personnel tasked with maintenance must not suffer from acrophobia. Constant monitoring of SCP-419 must take place from the viewing bay in order to ensure that the view through SCP-419 does not change significantly. In the event that it does, contact Site Director █████. Access to SCP-419 is prohibited except under special circumstances and permission from Site Director.

Description:  SCP-419 is a large pane of reinforced glass 1.5m x 3.6m x 7.6cm in dimensions. One side of SCP-419 does not allow light to pass through. Instead, it displays a view of what appears to be an extradimensional urban environment. This phenomenon is only present when viewed directly by a human subject. Photographs, motion sensors, and vision-enhancing objects such as glasses or contacts all act on SCP-419 as if it were a mirror. The scene viewed through SCP-419 appears to be outside but lacks any natural lighting, regardless of the time it is viewed. No super-terrestrial forms (such as celestial bodies) are visible. The view would appear to originate from a vantage point high above ground level. Approximately 800 lux of light emanates from SCP-419 despite the lack of a light source. The source of this phenomenon is theorized to be whatever environment SCP-419 displays. Light from SCP-419's testing chamber does not affect this scene.

The buildings visible through SCP-419 appear similar to those of the Victorian architectural period. However, they tend to have unusual, almost imperceptible changes that make them appear warped or twisted, or occupying spaces they should not. Much, if not all of the area viewed through SCP-419, is non-Euclidean. Estimates of the size of this city vary depending on when it is viewed and have ranged from approximately twelve square kilometers to over sixty. A multitude of neon lights and signs have been noted but are not in any known language.

Organisms have been viewed walking, albeit only en masse due to their relatively small size. Their actual size is currently unknown due to the lack of a scale. They appear to be humanoid and dark red in color; however, the lack of available computerized assistance and the obvious flaws in the human eye does not allow for a higher level of detail to be ascertained. Due to their seemingly advanced level of technology, the running theory among researchers is that this is not their actual skin color, but rather their clothing.

Additional Description: 

{+}(Obsolete)

{-}(Obsolete)


Occasionally, large metallic constructs have been viewed moving through the  followed by large masses of the humanoids. During these occasions such processions compose all of the visible movement within the city. Dr.█████ notes that these processions are highly reminiscent of military marches due to their extremely geometric nature and constant pace.




{+}419-B

{-}419-B


Following Incident 419-B, the entire landscape viewed through SCP-419 has changed drastically. Many of the buildings appear to be lit on fire or smoldering, much of the ground is covered in rubble, and there is almost no visible movement from the previously-described red humanoids. However, what appear to be similarly shaped dark blue humanoids have been observed performing similar processions. Approximately ██% of the buildings consistently observed before Incident 419-B have collapsed. Visibility has also been significantly obscured by an opaque gas, theorized to be smoke. Upon closer inspection, a multitude of dark gray figures are visible in the streets, but remain stationary. The implications of this event are unknown.






Note 9-27-13:  SCP-419 seems to be aging at an abnormally fast rate. We currently believe this is due to the atmosphere on the other side, though we obviously cannot test it to know for sure. At this speed, SCP-419 could become non-functional as soon as 2019. What this will mean, we do not yet know.

- ████ Kulzn
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. Alloy is 980X HSLA
2. Note that there is no physical barrier between the viewing bay and SCP-419.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Apr 2020 16:19
            
            Edit
+163)
Tags
Discuss (56)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            RSC Institution
                      
              Research, Secure, Contain
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Το Ίδρυμα SCP
                      
              Ελληνόφωνος Κλάδος
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            WikiWealth
                      
              Stock, ETF and Mutual Fund Ratings | Commodity, Currency Research
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            the money making encyclopedia
                      
              Make money with us and have a fun
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

