                        




To My Successor,

I would like to once again congratulate you on your selection for my position. I am growing old (finally), and it now falls to you to take up the mantle of O5-2. You have been exceptionally diligent and compliant in your preparations for this position, and I thank you for that, but in regards to your questions around familial and romantic ties: I understand. Humans are very social creatures, we desire something to hold on to, to touch, to love (Trust me, I've been there too.)

This article has since been archived; the current SCP-4057 slot now holds something more timely and unexplained, but we keep it on hand as an exemplar, a reminder of a piece of history that we can't repeat. This was a time before RAISA, before the Ethics Committee, when there were no checks on our power and as such this mistake was easier to make. Nonetheless, I consider this a fine example of why it is our responsibility to distance ourselves.





04/08/64
27/03/66
09/10/67
22/02/69
03/03/69




Item #:  SCP-4057

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4057 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-19. Interaction is permitted for Level 3 researchers and higher.

Description:  SCP-4057 is a female human of French descent. When viewed, subjects perceive that SCP-4057 will encounter imminent danger. The effect is believed to be memetic in nature, and will occur regardless of whether or not SCP-4057 is in a secure location, or in the presence of persons adequately equipped to defend her from threats. The type of danger perceived varies, but is in a majority of cases a malicious entity that seeks to cause her harm, such as a wild animal, a criminal, or in severe cases an anomalous entity.

Discovery:  SCP-4057 presented herself to Site-19 on 02/08/64, surrounded by 5 civilians expressing severe worry for her condition. The civilians were administered an amnestic drug, and SCP-4057 willingly entered containment. It is unknown how SCP-4057 was aware of the location of Site-19, and has not revealed such information when questioned.



Item #:  SCP-4057

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4057 is to be kept in a standard humanoid containment cell in Site-19. Interaction is permitted for Level 3 researchers and higher after a full body contaminant and dangerous goods search. SCP-4057-1 is at the time of writing uncontained.

Description:  SCP-4057 is a female human of French descent. When viewed, subjects perceive that SCP-4057 will encounter imminent danger. The effect is believed to be memetic in nature, and will occur regardless of whether or not SCP-4057 is in a secure location, or in the presence of persons adequately equipped to defend her from threats. SCP-4057 is believed to be the sole target of SCP-4057-1, a malicious entity that seeks to cause SCP-4057 harm. It is unknown how this relationship is created, though researchers hypothesize that SCP-4057's memetic effect acts as both a  for SCP-4057-1 and a defense mechanism for SCP-4057. The meme has been identified as man-made.

Discovery:  SCP-4057 presented herself to Site-19 on 02/08/64, surrounded by 5 civilians expressing severe worry for her condition. The civilians were administered an amnestic drug, and SCP-4057 willingly entered containment. It is unknown how SCP-4057 was aware of the location of Site-19, and has not revealed such information when questioned. SCP-4057 has requested visits from members of the O5 council. The requests have been denied.



Item #:  SCP-4057

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4057-1 is at the time of writing uncontained. SCP-4057 is to be contained in a hermetically sealed special containment cell in site 19. Cell is to be 7x7x3m, walls are to consist of 3cm of lead. An observation window is to be connected to an observation room built to the same specifications, 5x5x3m in size. MTF-Phi () is to remain stationed at Site-19 for the protection of SCP-4057.

Description:  SCP-4057 is a human female of French descent, who is the sole target of an anomalous entity designated SCP-4057-1. SCP-4057-1 appears to express disinterest in all other humans, and as such has been observed multiple times. All attempts at ascertaining the form of SCP-4057-1 have failed. The reasons are as follows:

Entity does not manifest on photographic or video evidence
Sounds made by the entity do not manifest on audio evidence
Descriptions of entity are inconclusive, and vary from person to person. Research into the possible nature of SCP-4057-1 as a polymorphic entity is ongoing.


Discovery:  SCP-4057 presented herself to Site-19 on 02/08/64, surrounded by 5 civilians expressing severe worry for her condition. The civilians were administered an amnestic drug, and SCP-4057 willingly entered containment. It is unknown how SCP-4057 was aware of the location of Site-19, and has not revealed such information when questioned. Multiple members of the O5 council are currently under investigation for potential ties to SCP-4057.

It is unknown if current containment procedures for SCP-4057 will be sufficient to ensure her safety from SCP-4057-1.



Item #:  SCP-4057

Object Class:  Apollyon

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4057 is to be contained in a specially built containment cell at Site 19. Cell walls are to consist of because we need to keep her safe

Description:  SCP-4057 is a girl1 who is the sole target of an entity designated SCP-4057-1.

SCP-4057-1 is2

SCP-4057-1 is3

SCP-4057-1 is4

SCP-4057-1 is5

SCP-4057-1 is a baroque humanoid, devoid of penguins. Excavated into the footnotes of his head are a murder of alphabets, a patriarchy of knives, and an oval void of malice and postmodernity.purple because aliens don't wear hats well done Jessica, I'm so proud of yew trees lying in the cypress void. The tail has been ruminated into a frame of reference, and swishes around the mouth for clean breath daily!

The men are swinging their guns around now. One of them says it's inside and another says it's outside. They're all so silly, it's viridian breath limps over my skull behind me, that's where it most certainly is (not). But no, we will save her.7

Save her.

Save her.

Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her Save her

Footnotes
1. 
2. 
3. 
4. 
5. 
6. 
7. 




Item #:  SCP-4057

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4057 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-19. Interaction is prohibited for all personnel without 5/4057 clearance or higher until a countermeme is developed.

Description:  SCP-4057 is a female human of French descent named Marie Williamette, the daughter of O5-7. When SCP-4057 is viewed by any living being, the subject will perceive her as being in imminent danger. The form of danger perceived varies, but is in the majority of cases an anomalous entity which seeks to harm SCP-4057. The effect is memetic, virulent and self replicating (See Incident 4057-A) . As a result, any subject that has viewed SCP-4057 will spread the memetic infection when they are viewed. SCP-4057 has requested visits from members of the O5 council. The request has been granted.

Incident 4057-A:  On 02/08/64, SCP-4057 presented itself to Site-19, surrounded by 5 civilians expressing concern for her condition. The civilians were believed to be the first instances of SCP-4057 infection. The civilians were administered Class-A amnestics and allowed to return to society. This marked the containment breach of SCP-4057. The memetic infection spread at an exponential rate, affecting approximately 100% of the world population by 1967. The meme then self replicated within infected subjects, increasing the severity of the memetic effect and leading to the (as of the time of writing) ongoing PK-Class Perceptive Breakdown Event. There currently exist 14 persons inoculated against the memetic effect, namely all 13 members of the O5 council, and SCP-4057 itself.

Informationcredentials.

CredentialsOverseer.




To the O5 council,

Secure, Contain, Protect. Our three axioms I helped create decades ago, and in my selfish quest to enforce one, I have failed in carrying out all three. I believe an explanation is in order.

Five years ago, my husband was killed. I don't know by whom, but all I know is that he was killed as a means of getting to me. I wept for days, and poor Marie I knew I couldn't let it happen again. I considered an MTF, too conspicuous, too invasive. I considered undercover operations, a group of people, maybe have her teacher at school replaced by an operative who could keep her safe. But then it dawned on me: memetics would be the perfect safeguard. A meme, affecting just her, that would tap into the maternal and paternal parts of the mind. The part of you that sees a child walking down the street alone and feels the need, the obligation, to ask if they're ok, to show them kindness and the way home. Who needs bodyguards when the entire world can be your shield?

I went to Marshall, Carter  something, years ago.

But they made a mistake. The meme was virulent.

It was intended to be a single instance, that would deconstruct outside the host, that way only those near her would worry. But it started to grow inside her, and it didn't die out in the minds of those affected. They became infected, and spread the meme. We didn't realize until years later, when my darling girl was already in containment, when crowds of people who had never even heard of her started trying to break down the walls of Site 19, worried sick for a girl they never knew. But it didn't stop. It kept festering and growing inside all the infected, and the worries kept getting worse and worse, becoming more than just an abstract concept, becoming a creature, your worst nightmare that you never knew existed out to get this little girl. Now, people are dying because the hallucinations are so visceral, so real that their brain shuts down completely from the shock.

This was my selfish idea, my hubris that lead to all this. Marie is so scared, locked in a tiny windowless chamber with walls 10 meters thick, all because of me. I have no doubt I will be amnesticized after this, possibly even here and now, but I implore you: let me finish and administer the countermeme. Let me clean up my own mess. If I can't even do that, I wouldn't be able to live with myself.

Secure, Contain, Protect. Let me prove to you that I still can.

~ O5-7






O5credentials.

CredentialsOverseer.




RECORD OF DECISION - OVERSEER COUNCIL ACTION #4057-1



MOTION AS FOLLOWS: ALLOW 05-7 TO CREATE AND ADMINISTER AN SCP-4057 COUNTERMEME TO THE GLOBAL POPULATION BEFORE AMNESTICIZATION.

YEA: O5-3, O5-5, O5-8, O5-9, O5-11, O5-13

NAY: O5-1, O5-4, O5-6, O5-10, O5-12

ABSTAIN: O5-7 (EXEMPT DUE TO MISCONDUCT), O5-2

RESULT: MOTION PASSES
附加记录：    



RECORD OF DECISION - OVERSEER COUNCIL ACTION #4057-2



MOTION AS FOLLOWS: ENSURE ALL CHOSEN MEMBERS OF OVERSEER COUNCIL HAVE NO LIVING IMMEDIATE FAMILY PRIOR TO APPOINTMENT AS OVERSEER.

YEA: O5-1, O5-3, O5-4, O5-5, O5-6, O5-8, O5-9, O5-10, O5-11, O5-12, O5-13

NAY: O5-2

ABSTAIN: O5-7 (EXEMPT DUE TO MISCONDUCT)

RESULT: MOTION PASSES
附加记录：    










Love makes us do the most irrational things, and -7 was so full of love, for her darling Marie, for her husband, and it clouded her judgement. We were the only two women on the council at the time, so we shared a certain had I a daughter, I would have done the same.

I still see her sometimes, however. Observing from a distance, seeing the work she does, seeing Marie, now a beautiful woman working in memetics, ironically. She was amnesticized too, as was everyone else at the Foundation and the world at large, it came as part and parcel of the countermeme. But the countermeme didn't affect every species. I frequently join Marie for walks in the woods, wearing the clothes and bearing the credentials of a fellow researcher. The way the animals adore her, fuss over her, it's

Regardless, I understand how painful it will be to say goodbye to your friends and family, only to have them amnesticized. It used to be that a cover story was created saying you died. Believe me, amnestics are far less painful for all involved. This is a part of our history that we can't afford to repeat. It nearly destroyed us the first time, and with the delicate balance we maintain now, it would most certainly destroy us were it to happen today. I hope your preparations go smoothly, and O5-1 through -13 will all welcome you with open arms as the new -2.

Secure, Contain, Protect.

O5-2












                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                visual
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            09 Sep 2020 15:18
            
            Edit
+334)
Tags
Discuss (48)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            FCR Vakfı
                      
              Find, Contain, Research
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hogwarts 2092
                      
              The Harry Potter RP That Doesnt Suck - Part 3!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Jakeopod Wiki
                      
              All things Jakeopod
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Stiftelsen SCP
                      
              FORSIKRE-FORVARE-FORSVARE / FÖRSÄKRA-FÖRVARA-FÖRSVARA
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

