                        


Item #:  SCP-055

Object Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  Object is kept within a five (5) by five (5) by two point five (2.5) meter square room constructed of cement (fifty (50) centimeter thickness), with a Faraday cage surrounding the cement walls. Access is via a heavy containment door measuring two (2) by two point five (2.5) meters constructed on bearings to ensure door closes and locks automatically unless held open deliberately. Security guards are NOT to be posted outside SCP-055's room. It is further advised that all personnel maintaining or studying other SCP objects in the vicinity try to maintain a distance of at least fifty (50) meters from the geometric center of the room, as long as this is reasonably practical.

Description:  SCP-055 is a . Information about SCP-055's physical appearance as well as its nature, behavior, and origins is self-classifying. To clarify:

How Site 19 originally acquired SCP-055 is unknown.


When SCP-055 was obtained, and by whom, is unknown.


SCP-055's physical appearance is unknown. It is not indescribable, or invisible: individuals are perfectly capable of entering SCP-055's container and observing it, taking mental or written notes, making sketches, taking photographs, and even making audio/video recordings. An extensive log of such observations is on file. However, information about SCP-055's physical appearance  individuals tasked with sketching a copy of a photograph of SCP-055 are unable to remember what the photograph looks like, as are researchers overseeing these tests. Security personnel who have observed SCP-055 via closed-circuit television cameras emerge after a full shift exhausted and effectively amnesiac about the events of the previous hours.


Who authorized the construction of SCP-055's containment room, why it was constructed in this way, or what the purpose of the described Containment Procedures may be, are all unknown.


Despite SCP-055's container being easily accessible, all personnel at Site 19 claim no knowledge of SCP-055's existence when challenged.


All of these facts are periodically rediscovered, usually by chance readers of this file, causing a great deal of alarm. This state of concern lasts minutes at most, before the matter is simply forgotten about.

A great deal of scientific data has been recorded from SCP-055, but cannot be studied.

At least one attempt has been made to destroy SCP-055, or possibly move it from containment at Site 19 to another site, meeting failure for reasons unknown.

SCP-055 may present a major physical threat and indeed may have killed many hundreds of personnel, and we would not know it. Certainly it presents a gigantic memetic/mental threat, hence its Keter classification.

Document #055-1:  An Analysis of SCP-055

The author puts forward the hypothesis that SCP-055 was never formally acquired by ████████████ ████████ and is in fact an autonomous or remotely-controlled agent, inserted at Site 19 by an unidentified third party for one or all of the following purposes:

to silently observe, or interfere with, activities at Site 19
to silently observe, or interfere with, activities at other SCP locations
to silently observe, or interfere with, activities of humanity worldwide
to silently observe, or interfere with, other SCP objects
to silently observe, or interfere with, ████████████


No action to counter any of these potential threats is suggested, or indeed theoretically possible.

Addendum A :



Hey, if this thing really is an  get wiped? We must be wrong about that somehow. Wait a minute, what if we were to keep notes about what it isn't? Would we remember those? Bartholomew Hughes, NSA
附加记录：    

Document #055-2:  Report of Dr. John Marachek

Survey team #19-055-127BXE was successfully able to enter SCP-055's container and ascertain the appearance and, to some degree, the nature of the object. Notes were taken according to the project methodology (see ████████████), after which the container was sealed again.

Excerpt from a transcript of personnel debriefing follows:



Dr. Hughes: Okay, I'm going to need to ask you some questions about number 55 now.

███████: Number what?

Dr. Hughes: SCP object 55. The object you just examined.

███████: Um, I don't know what you're talking about. I don't think we have a 55.

Dr. Hughes: Okay, then, ███████, I'd like you to tell me what you've been doing for the past two hours.

███████: What? I I don't know.

Dr. Hughes: Okay, then, do you remember that we all agreed that it wasn't spherical?

███████: That what wasn't Oh! Right! It isn't round at all! Object 55 isn't round!

Dr. Hughes: So you remember it now?

███████: Well, no. I mean, I don't know what it is, but I know there is one. It's something you can't remember. And it's not a sphere.

Dr. Hughes: Wait a minute. What's not a sphere?

███████: Object 55.

Dr. Hughes: Object what?

███████: Doc, do you remember agreeing that something wasn't shaped like a sphere?

Dr. Hughes: Oh, right!
附加记录：    

It appears to be possible to remember what SCP-055 is not (negations of fact), and to repeatedly deduce its existence from these memories.

Personnel involved in Survey #19-055-127BXE reported moderate levels of disorientation and psychological trauma associated with cycles of repeated memory and forgetfulness of SCP-055. However, no long-term behavioral or health problems were observed, and psych assessments of survey personnel showed consistent reports of this distress fading over time.

Recommendations: It may be worthwhile to post at least one staff member capable of remembering the existence of SCP-055 to each critical site.







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            21 Nov 2020 20:20
            
            Edit
+2971)
Tags
Discuss (421)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP基金会
                      
              控制，收容，保护
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Covid-19: Πως επηρεάστηκε η καθημερινότητά μας.
                      
              Εξ αποστάσεως εκπαίδευση
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Marvel Revolution MUCK
                      
              Join the Revolution
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Wikialo
                      
              Un directorio wiki para blogs
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

