                        




An advertisement flier found in SCP-4980-A.



Item #:  SCP-4980

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4980 is to be housed in a standard Level-3 pen in the livestock section of Site 67. As offspring of SCP-4980 have been shown to be non-anomalous, mating is to be encouraged as described in Section 5/4980 of the Endangered Species Conservation Protocol. To encourage mating behavior, SCP-4980 are to be allowed to engage in combat once weekly during breeding season.

All researchers must be trained in the safety calls for SCP-4980, and all research must be conducted with an attuned handler present. In the event of an attuned handler's death, tryouts will be held at Site 67 to find a new, compatible handler who may become attuned.

In the event of safety call failure or escape of an instance from Site 67, MTF Beta-21  are to be called in for subdual and/or retrieval.

Description:  SCP-4980 is the collective name for twelve biologically, mechanically, and mentally enhanced members of the species Raphus cucullatus, or common dodo. The dodos, individually designated SCP-4980-1 through -12, vary greatly in appearance and enhancements. Enhancements that are of particular note for caretakers and researchers include:

High-intensity lasers (instances -1 and -11)
One flamethrower (instance -4)
A 35mm cannon (instance -3)
Poisonous needles (instances -2, -7, and -9)
Telepathic Pain Projection (instance -12)
Flight (instance -10)


All other known modifications are rendered harmless by proper use of Level III Anomalous Livestock Suits.

SCP-4980 have been modified to optimize combat tactics, increase pack communication, and enforce obedience.

SCP-4980 instances that remain within 20m of a human for over 24 hours develop a psychic bond. Such humans are able to direct the dodo using basic thoughts such as 'attack' and 'run away'.

Addendum 4980.1: Discovery 

Rumors of an underground fight club for 'robot birds' were intercepted by Foundation operatives near the University of Tenessee. MTF Iota-10  were assigned to raid the fight club. Members Alpha and Beta went undercover as students to obtain entrance, while the remainder of the team posed as federal agents, raiding the club and obtaining the birds (see Addendum 4980.2).

MTF Iota-10 successfully retrieved the original shipping crate the birds arrived in (designated SCP-4980-A) together with accompanying documentation (found in Addendum 4980.3).

Addendum 4980.2: Audio Log 

+Log

-Log




Overview:  Voices on this transcript have been identified as belonging to former WWE announcer Jack Schuler (age 32) and KAMP radio sports co-hosts Harry Harrison (age 19) and Billy Zhang (age 22).

(Unidentified):  Does the dark moon do the dirty chicken?

Alpha:  Yes, but I prefer the electric slide.

(Unidentified):  Right this way, ladies.

[Footsteps echo down metallic hallway. Muffled cheering can be heard. A door opens, and the cheering intensifies.]

Schuler:  Ladies, and Gentlemn! Presenting the Original and Unique Extinct Animal Mayhem Menagerie!

[Cheering]

Schuler:  In this corner, weighing in at 130 pounds, we have the undefeated, the indefatigable, the indomitable, Mauriiiiitian Marauuuuuuuder!

[Mingled cheering and booing]

Schuler:  And in this corner, weighing in at 45 pounds, we have our challenger, the scrappy, the wiry, the Flightleeeeess Furyyyyy!

[Laughter mixed with cheering]

Schuler:  Let's get readddyyyyyy to Doooooodooooo!!!!!

[A bell rings. Loud, melodic cooing comes from the dodos, followed by a distorted roaring sound and a metallic screech.]

Harrison:  Looks like a strong start from double M. I think the flamethrower was clearly the right move here, given the Fury's mobility.

Zhang:  That's right, Harrison. But it looks the the Fury has some tricks up his wings. That poison dart just about finished things for MM. His manager knew what he was doing with the chain mail.

[Gasps from the crowd.]

Harrison:  The Fury is down! The Fury is down! He's writhing on the ground. The Marauder isn't even touching him! It's the Psychic Suplex! The agony!

Zhang:  Call the match, call it now! This isn't a fight, it's a slaughter!

[Crowd chanting ]

Harrison:  Wait, I don't believe it! The Flightless Fury is climbing to his feet!

[Loud dodo shriek. The crowd erupts in cheers]

Zhang:  He's out for blood! It's up for grabs now!

Alpha (whispering into comm-link) : We've seen enough. Move in.

[A piercing siren sounds, and the crowd panics. Heavy boots pound into the arena]

Alpha:  Everybody, freeze! FBI!
附加记录：    




Addendum 4980.3: Recovered Documentation 

+Documentation

-Documentation


A note written in Greek and Latin was found alongside SCP-4980-A, together with a flier in Greek advertising .

A translation of the note follows:



CONTENTS: ONE DODO OLYMPIAD TEAM (TWELVE MEMBERS)

OWNER: ALEXYLVA UNIVERSITY

CAUTIONS: FLAMMABLE GOODS. EXPLOSIVE GOODS. EDIBLE GOODS. SHARP GOODS.

DELIVER TO: ATHENS, GREECE, C/O OFFICIAL SENATE OF COLLEGIATE OLYMPICS

PHITRANSIMUN COMBINE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR LOSS DUE TO ACCIDENTAL DESTRUCTION OF PROPERTY OR FAILURE OF SPACE-TIME CONTINUUM
附加记录：    










                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                telepathic
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            26 Jul 2020 02:28
            
            Edit
+83)
Tags
Discuss (20)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Sandbox Wędrowca
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Masonic
                      
              A Freemasons Compendium
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Philosophia UAM
                      
              Wiki studentów filozofii UAM
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            PyLint Messages
                      
              and what theyre trying to tell you
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

