                        




An instance of SCP-3153 in containment.



Item #:  SCP-3153

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3153 is to be kept in an artificial habitat appropriate for centipedes in 2. Those who wish to sustain instances of SCP-3153 through social interaction must first pass through psychological evaluation meant to detect tendencies toward excessive emotional attachment. Each session is to last a maximum of 1 hour, and to be monitored closely by Researchers for the eventual biological and behavioral alterations in SCP-3153. All significant alterations are to be registered for posterity in order to gain a better understanding of how the genetics of SCP-3153 operate. Civilians who come into contact with wild instances of SCP-3153 are to be given Class B amnestics, and the instances are to be recovered by GoI-466.

Description:  SCP-3153 refers to a species of organisms outwardly resembling the Scolopendra polymorpha species of centipedes, which are native to northwestern Oregon. They measure approximately 1.76kg. Beyond their initial chitinous carapace, instances of SCP-3153 are an undifferentiated mass of biological tissue similar in function to totipotent stem cells, albeit much faster in how they act. Instances of SCP-3153 are capable of forming new organs, limbs and tissues from this mass, but this is dependent on how much they interact with and form significant emotional bonds with human subjects. The types of adaptations that instances of SCP-3153 are capable of forming seem to be limited to crude attempts at mimicking and pleasing the human subjects they are bonding with.

Initially, instances of SCP-3153 operate with sophisticated animal intelligence. Methods of assistance include bringing small objects that a human subject will need in the morning, or swarming over perceived intruders to the subject's home. Methods of mimicry include eating the same foods as the subject and nesting on their bed. Of note is that as long as the human subject the instances are bonding with has not reciprocated their advances in a significant fashion, the instances are incredibly persistent and will regenerate from grievous injuries in a matter of seconds. No matter how aggressive the human subject becomes, the instances will not fight back, and display a timid and forgiving behavior toward the subject.

These actions persist until the human subject attempts to communicate with the instances in a friendly manner, leaves a small offering of food for them or otherwise attempts to reciprocate the bonding. During this time, SCP-3153 has been known to shed excess quantities of quasi-human body parts and biological tissues from their mass of stem-like cells, apparently in an effort to ease mimicry of and socializing with the human subject. However, since their understanding of human nature at this point is still crude, these shed materials are almost invariably malformed and unstable, but rarely represent any danger.

Gradually, SCP-3153 instances develop recognition of human facial expressions. They occasionally attempt to stand upright and embrace the subject in a manner similar to a hug, and generally stay close to and protect them. Instances will also develop a decent understanding of language and technology, as well as the anatomical adaptations to use them, albeit not as effectively as a human. Over time, the instances will accumulate more and more adaptations for the purposes of becoming more like the human subject they are bonding with. However, the instances are incapable of accurately replicating the human form or behavior.

The quantity of shed materials tends to increase at this point. The shed materials remain harmless but may attract infestations of non-anomalous pests if left unchecked. Instances who have been successfully instructed on how to reduce their shedding obey in 92% of cases. Of note is after receiving such instructions, 46% of instances showed of their own initiative the capacity to reshape their shed biological material into edible versions, invariably presenting such items to their human subjects as apparent gifts. Refusal of such edible items was observed to cause a considerable sadness response in SCP-3153 instances. Further research into the level of intelligence and capability of biological tissue generation of SCP-3153 instances is pending.

Evidence indicates that instances of SCP-3153 do not produce any mind-affecting anomalies, and that any interactions that arise between them and their associated human subjects are to be treated as mundane. So far, 68% of human subjects have successfully completed the bonding process, with an estimated 21% increase in overall productivity. Use of SCP-3153 instances and similar anomalies for therapeutic purposes has been proposed by Dr. █████ in the research paper .

Footnotes
SCP-3466.
2. Along with Sarah Gardner, to which instance SCP-3153-01 is bonded.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                wilsons-wildlife
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 19:04
            
            Edit
+137)
Tags
Discuss (11)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Trueblood: Dallas
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            NYC: Veil of Shadows
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Capitol Hill Community Council
                      
              a community site
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Hogwarts 2092
                      
              The Harry Potter RP That Doesnt Suck - Part 3!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

