                        




Graphical representation of one SCP-2477 solution.



Item #:  SCP-2477

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  All Foundation containment procedure proposals are to be monitored for SCP-2477 methodology. All proposals determined to be affected by SCP-2477 are to be denied. (For a list of plausible reasons for denial, please see Document SCP-2477-Thoth.) Foundation astronomical assets are to maintain continuous tracking of all known Type A instances, as well as Type B-C instances wherever possible.

Engineering conference papers, presentations, and government proposals are to be monitored by Foundation web-crawlers for pre-SCP-2477 reasoning. Mobile Task Force Psi-18 (“Tenure Trackers”) are to intervene with any identified researchers by providing financial incentives towards approved avenues of research. SCP-2477-positive researchers (internal or external) may also be considered for recruitment into the Experimental Containment Research Group.

In the event of any proposal to create a singular, well-funded site for the storage of radioactive or other extremely hazardous material at a national or international level, Mobile Task Force Rho-17 (“Not in My Back Yard”) is to exert local political pressure to prevent the completion of such a project.

Description:  SCP-2477 consists of a novel, nonobvious series of solutions to statics1 equations based on erroneous interpretations of Newtonian physics. SCP-2477 are most often encountered in well-funded projects dedicated to the complete containment or isolation of physical objects. As SCP-2477 solutions are derived from practical rather than abstract theoretical applications, they are much more likely to be discovered by engineers than by physicists.

Given sufficient resources, SCP-2477 can be used to construct devices capable of eliminating all outside forces affecting an object. These include gravity, electromagnetism, friction, physical contact, and particle-based radiation. These devices also fix the contained object to a single position by eliminating all inertia.

Unfortunately, the anomalous calculations required to complete SCP-2477 solutions cannot be resolved within the reference frame of a fixed point on the Earth’s surface. Instead, objects are fixed in place in comparison with some other astronomical object or reference point, and remain in this position with no regard for the movement of the Earth. There are █ known solutions to these equations, each associated with a different point of reference.

Researchers using brute-force computer analysis to solve these equations are significantly less likely to recognize this reference frame error when constructing an SCP-2477-based device. Please see Addendum SCP-2477-Iota for a list of known SCP-2477 solutions and example uses.

Addendum SCP-2477-Iota: First known SCP-2477 incidents 


Type
Reference Frame
Contents
Results


A
The Sun (Solar Plane)
Gyroscopes used for the absolute calibration of navigation equipment.
Researchers at [DATA REDACTED] Corporation attempted to isolate six separate devices across a one month period before the Foundation could intervene. Contents estimated to cross Earth’s path every April █ through ██, and are typically associated with an incidence of at least two cases of severe radiation poisoning in the [DATA REDACTED] urban region.


B
The Milky Way (Galactic Core)
Isolation chamber for █████-██ supercollider, meant to improve detection and containment of antimatter.
Containment equipment levitated 5000km/s.


C
Center of the Universe, LTB-Model (Unconfirmed)
Keter-Class SCP-████
Contents spontaneously converted to coherent mass of neutrinos, Alpha, Beta, Gamma, and [DATA EXPUNGED] particles.3. Attempts to recontain SCP-████ are considered unfeasible.


D
Unknown
A manned spacecraft intended to test inertia-free launch conditions, with four crew.
External observers noted a rapid acceleration of movements within capsule accompanied by a visible blueshift. The capsule then dematerialized, leaving a permanent visual afterimage. The flight recorder continued transmitting for ██ hours afterward. Selected contents are available in Document SCP-2477-D-1953.



Document SCP-2477-D-1953: Title unavailable 

This document has been archived due to limited requests for access.

[Accessarchive]

[Accessgranted]




Document SCP-2477-D-1953: Selected portions of the mission log of Col. ████ █████ 

The following statements were transcribed from timestamped audio logs stored on reel-to-reel magnetic tape. These recordings remained undeciphered for ██ years after recovery until a sufficiently powerful predictive decompression algorithm could be developed. From storage space for approximately 28 hours of low-quality audio information, █████ hours of audio logs were recovered.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

19██-03-0100:27:51:  We've come so far now. The sun and the stars are gone. The night sky doesn’t seem any brighter, but Maj. ██████ says it seems more red. Maybe she’s right. The Earth's come along with us, or at least a pale shadow of it. We left the capsule months back. We can flit around anywhere we want, faster than you can imagine, but we can’t touch anything outside the capsule. No response from anyone, nothing over the radio since the launch went pear-shaped. Everything and everyone out there is slowed to an infinitesimal crawl.

20██-07-1517:45:05:  Everything that was blocked from the sky is gone now. Everything that was under a roof, or a cloud, or a damn bus stop, all gone. Pure black. The people we love move in and out of the shadows as the years crawl on for us. Mostly in. It’s hard to watch. Everything that was in darkness is gone too. We can blaze through the nighttime cities, but anywhere out in the country, or out at sea, nothing. An entire hemisphere disappeared behind us years ago.

2███-01-24 for all the years I've watched her, I wish she could've seen me, just once. We've voted, and the crew and I are all in agreement now. We're going to take a closer look at the device. We haven't been able to disable it so far, but we've got nothing but time.

████-08-1310:11:45:  Control, or whoever is there, please ignore the last ███ messages. We've all come to our senses now. I promise.

█████-09-21 it's breathtaking. We should probably be afraid, but we aren't. I think we can go to them, if we want. I think we have to. There's nothing here for us anymore. Goodbye, my friends, I don’t think we’ll be back.
附加记录：    




Footnotes
1. The discipline of quantifying forces acting upon an object in equilibrium, typically used to examine or teach idealized versions of engineering problems.
2. Site-██ was not otherwise damaged. All involved containment specialists were indefinitely reassigned to SCP-2477.
3. 11% of the speed of light.









‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  DampenerTest.jpg

Author:  Petrograd

License:  Public Domain

Source Link:  SCP Wiki
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Aug 2020 02:16
            
            Edit
+138)
Tags
Discuss (25)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            小城的问候
                      
              Greetings from afar...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            World History/Physical Geo.
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            .flow
                      
              Rusting Away
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fundação SCP
                      
              Filial Lusófona
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

