                        





Item #:  SCP-5128

Object Class:  Thaumiel

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-5128 is currently uncontained. It is currently unknown if it is possible to contain SCP-5128. There is no consensus on whether it should be contained or not, either.

Description:  SCP-5128 is defined as the theoretical source of all anomalous behavior. There is much debate within the Foundation about what SCP-5128 is and what it is not, and on whether it should be researched or not.

Below are essays from the main researchers assigned to the study of SCP-5128 (and some other researchers of the Foundation) and their personal opinions and hypotheses on the subject. Information on current research on SCP-5128 is currently restricted to Level 4 Research personnel.

+Veenen

-Veenen





Manifesto for the Investigation of the Source of Anomalous Behavior



Dr. Cindi van Veenen

The SCP Foundation was founded on a basic principle: Secure, Contain and Protect anomalies. While it still does so, during the years following its inception it also branched into another, equally important, branch: that of research. A branch that emerged out of necessity: if we know what we are dealing with, it is easier to contain it. Many of the greatest minds of this planet have been gathered into the Foundation in order to know more about the anomalies we have discovered, and many excellent publications have come from out of it.

But, still, it seems we have gotten nowhere.

Yes, I know, we have had many breakthroughs in thaumaturgy, theurgy and even reality- and time-altering technology since we begun researching into those topics. We know how many things work, while some still remain a mystery. I am not denying that. I recognize the importance of those achievements. But, coming from a physics background, I cannot help but wonder:

Why haven’t we tried to figure out why all that works?

For some reason, whenever I tried to start a discussion with some of my peers in the subject, I was answered with ridicule. Do you all really think this is so far-fetched to think about? That it is impossible to figure out the nature of the anomalies? To discover the underlying rules that make them come to existence? Or do you merely think that they are all result of our universe (or the whole of the multi-verse, for that matter) just being simply irrational?

Well, I present you this: if it is so irrational, how can people (humans, just like us) have figured out how to use it, intentionally, in order to create anomalies themselves? Look at Gamers Against Weed, and many others. There are factories of anomalous objects. We have the best minds of science right here and we still haven’t gotten close to that level of reality-altering power. Why?

As we still are much more focused on analyzing SCPs and their properties rather than trying to answer questions of such importance, I will then word those questions in a different way:

Just think this through with me: there is something, somewhere, somehow, that is what makes such anomalies possible. What is it? How it works? Why it exists? I don’t have a clue. But there are some things that I know for certain about it:

1. It exists;

2. It follows rules;

3. It is responsible for all anomalies that we know and not know of;

4. It is itself anomalous.

As it is itself anomalous (and couldn’t be otherwise, as if it wasn’t it would be easily explainable through Physics and whatnot), I am formally requesting that it be designated an SCP number, and therefore, that it be analyzed, studied, and researched just like any other entity would be.
附加记录：    

The document above was posted in Dr. van Veenen's personal webpage in the Foundation intranet as well as intranet forums and chat rooms available to researchers that she and other colleagues that support her have access to.

Shortly after posting, she formally requested an SCP number for the anomaly she described, backed by a 356-page thesis. It was approved by the O5 Council and designated SCP-5128, with Dr. van Veenen appointed as Head Researcher. Its research has been allocated to Site-76.




+Yoshida

-Yoshida





Base Questionings of SCP-5128 and Its Functioning



Dr. Nikita Yoshida

It should already be clear that anomalies follow some basic rules. There seem to be exceptions for such rules, but that just means that we haven't extracted the underlying axioms from the rules we have superficially uncovered.

Some anomalies have clearly originated from an event of great emotional intensity, especially from suffering. One that comes to mind is SCP-1518: the horrors of the Bosnian genocide, particularly in the event described, were sufficient to turn a common object into a Keter-class anomaly. It seems to have been created spontaneously. However, there is also the possibility that at least one of the people being killed possessed the ability to create anomalies or was anomalous themselves. That, of course, also raises some questions: what made them anomalous? What was the first anomaly? How was it created? If there is a source, it must certainly be SCP-5128, whatever it is.

Still, emotion isn't the only source, otherwise it wouldn't be possible to willingly create anomalous objects or even anomalous humanoids. Or even for some anomalies to exist spontaneously (or even, “naturally”). Where did SCP-343 come from, for example? Is it really the Abrahamic God? Did it create the universe, as Christians believes, or was the belief in him that gave it life? If we believe hard enough in something, does it come to life?

As much as I like to think about SCP-5128, I fear that, until we reach a basic agreement on how it works, any reflection upon its behavior is bound to raise many more questions than answers.
附加记录：    




+Alvey

-Alvey





SCP-5128 Highlights the Need for Alternative Approaches



Dr. Damianos Alvey

As much as I understand the scientific approach the Foundation has, I cannot help but think that it may be the wrong approach. Think about this: Are We Cool Yet?, these people aren't scientists. Yet, they are able to create anomalies as if it was as easy as, I don't know, making a chemical reaction. The scientific analysis may work to discover better ways to contain anomalies, but it may not be the correct approach to understand anomalies.

Don't get me wrong: the scientific method is a great way to interpret the world around us. But I fear that trying to explain everything we see through conventional Physics, Chemistry and Biology is not the correct approach. We need to resort to unconventional means of analysis. While, of course, remaining scientific.

For example, the property of SCP-5128 that Dr. Yoshida mentioned, of anomalies being created through sheer emotional strength, is something that has already been studied by occultists for years, and most of them are not even aware of the full range of possibilities of anomalous properties. Aleister Crowley, for example, developed the concept of magick as: .

Or maybe Plato was right: there is such a thing as a , and we just need to tap into it in order to create what we want through our consciousness. I mean, considering that we have evidence of the existence (in some shape or form) of some Greek gods and mythological creatures, as well as gods from other cultures, it raises the question of what did the Ancient Greek philosophers really know when they proposed their theories. If anomalies were commonplace at the time, they wouldn't really be treated as being anomalous, would they? They would expect the reader to know about their existence already.

However, what I want to say with this rant is that we should approach this with a mind as open as possible. We cannot explain enough about the anomalies we currently contain (or at least that we know that exist) in order to affirm with certainty that the approach we are taking is necessarily the best one. Every form of knowledge is valid and valuable, and should not be discarded or ridiculed merely due to the current .
附加记录：    




+Rademacher

-Rademacher





Further Explanations on the Theoretical Model of SCP-5128



Dr. Keeva Rademacher

If it is time to raise points, I think I will be raising some more.

I approve of Dr. van Veenen's approach to the matter and the initiative she to took to make sure it is approached with the necessary seriousness. But for the sake of logical rigor, I feel the need to make some things clear.

First, SCP-5128 is, as of yet, purely theoretical. I cannot deny its existence, as there must be something dictating the creation and reproduction of anomalous entities. However, we have no means to speculate what exactly it is, or even if it exists in a way that our little brains can conceive in some way. Having any knowledge of it in any form may be an infohazard for all we know.

Second, we do not know if SCP-5128 is one. That is, we do not know if there is a single entity (or whatever) that governs over it all, or if there are multiple entities, each , a fundamental particle of matter, or anything of the like.

Third, we cannot correctly define SCP-5128's object class without knowing what it is. I understand Dr. van Veenen's decision of defining it as Thaumiel, as knowing how anomalies  would make it much easier to contain them. However, this assumes that it is not sentient, for example. If it is, it could very well be Euclid, Keter, or even Apollyon for all we know.

Fourth: if we can discover how it works, is it really an anomaly? If anomalies are entities which deviate from what we define as normal, wouldn't knowing the inner workings of anomalies and how to create them force us to change our definition of normal? Wouldn’t thaumaturgy, theurgy and such become a science like any other?

Again, I do not want to question the questioning of the Foundation's status quo and van Veenen's approach to the subject, but those are some facts about the matter that we cannot ignore.
附加记录：    




+O'Niall

-O'Niall





A Waste of Valuable Resources



Dr. Ivo O'Niall

Honestly, the more I think about it, there more I come to the conclusion that it is a waste of time.

Here is the current situation: the Foundation is an organization dedicated to protecting mankind from powers beyond its control, and also to protect anomalies from falling into the wrong hands. This is crucial to the survival of humanity, considering the level of threat that some anomalies have. Just think about SCP-1425 and how hard it was to contain it, even considering how lucky we were.

And now, Dr. van Veenen is trying to divert valuable manpower and resources to study an anomaly that, as Dr. Rademacher describe very well, is purely theoretical. That is: we do not know if it exists. A purely logical approach to the subject should not be enough to warrant its allocation of an SCP number and a research team dedicated to it.

We are scientists, not philosophers. We do not deal with the imaginary, with the ideal. We deal with evidence. We deal with facts. With analysis. With data. Because we have a whole world to protect. And soon, more than one. The life of an entire species depends on us, and resources are limited.

I respect the Council's decision on the matter, but I honestly think that it was not the correct one. In a scientific facility, decisions should be based on facts and data rather than rhetoric and sophistry.
附加记录：    




+Leitzke

-Leitzke





SCP-5128: A Search for the Truth



Dr. Racław Leitzke

A bit of idealism hurts no one. In fact, some times it is even helpful. We need dreamers in order to figure out how to expand the boundaries of our knowledge, and find out what to go after. I'm not saying Dr. van Veenen's vision is a result of an unrealistic interpretation of the world. In fact, having read her thesis, I can say with certainty that she knows exactly what she is doing. She noticed many factors common to the anomalous and non-anomalous worlds and discovered that there must be something behind them, and laid down the ground for more study on it.

I think we scientists, after years of working on the same things, doing the same procedures, and thinking mostly in same way, tend to be a bit too stuck to what we do, and to what we know and consider to be true. After some time, we tend to forget what really is Science.

Science is about finding the truth. Much like Philosophy, although we don't tend to capitalize . We have our own way of going after it, and it involves data, tests, experiments, control groups, and similar procedures. But it also involves formulating hypotheses, and defending them.

I understand Dr. O'Niall's worries about this endeavor, but I’d like to remind him that, since humans started discovering and describing patterns in the world, they also tried to formulate and test a , the one theory that would be able to describe how everything works. After centuries working on it, we still haven’t reached it. But that never stopped us from trying.

Because that is what Science is about: going after the truth. And in our case, the truth is that one theoretical thing (or set of things) governs how our world works. And from the looks of it, SCP-5128, whatever it is, may be an integral part of it.
附加记录：    




+Palmeiro

-Palmeiro





Cross-testing is Currently Restricted for a Very Good Reason



Dr. Lillie Palmeiro

Although I understand the nature of this research, I think prematurely considering it  is a bit of hubris on our part. Why? Because it assumes that we will be able to control it, and use it according to our will in order to more easily contain other anomalies. While my wishful thinking makes me really want that to be the case, a realistic approach would see that current evidence points against it.

After all, has any GoI or PoI encountered by the Foundation that is able to create anomalies at will shown rational and ethical behavior that conform to their societies' standards? Wondertainment. I do not know if they fully understand what SCP-5128 is or not, but the relationship between anomalous behavior and irrational behavior is too obvious to ignore.

We cannot let our optimism and expectations get the best of us when testing our findings (even if theoretical) and do something stupid like try to neutralize SCP-682 at the first sign of something that just might work. Containment breaches are a reality, are serious, and they involve unacceptable loss of valuable personnel and resources.

Also, researchers assigned to it should take care not to let it get to their heads. As SCP-5128 is something that (apparently) cannot kill you if you do something stupid, the  of working on it, along with the importance it is taking thanks to Dr. van Veenen, is bound to create tensions among researchers, as there some that do risk their lives everyday by researching and containing extremely deadly anomalies.
附加记录：    

Dr. Palmeiro requested that the object class be changed to  in order to prevent that misunderstanding.



O5-██:  Request denied. Research will be closely followed and request for cross-testing will be analyzed on a case-by-case basis. Thaumiel classification is currently deemed appropriate enough for the theoretical capabilities of SCP-5128.
附加记录：    




+Schwangau

-Schwangau





SCP Means 



Dr. Grigoriy Schwangau

As much as I enjoy a good philosophical sparring, we must not forget why we are all part of the SCP Foundation: to Secure, Contain and Protect. While I agree that lack of proper knowledge on SCP-5128 prevents us from developing specific containment procedures for it, I feel that we are already able to agree on some basic principles.

First of all: knowledge that it exists should be kept hidden from the public. But that should be obvious, as it is an anomaly. Groups and Persons of Interest should also not come into contact with the possibility of its existence (if they do not know about it already in some way, of course).

That also means that research on it should not be available to all personnel, lest the Chaos Insurgency or other groups that may be infiltrated in the Foundation get knowledge of it. If the reality-altering capabilities of someone with full knowledge of SCP-5128 end up being limitless (as I imagine they are), this can lead us to any number of K-class scenarios.

As such, I will request that preliminary data regarding it be restricted to Level 4 Research Personnel and above.
附加记录：    



O5-██:  Request approved. Research personnel that want access to the data should get in contact with Dr. van Veenen.
附加记录：    



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

++++++

CREDENTIALSAPPROVED


Below is a selection of key scientific articles on the research of SCP-5128. For more information, refer to Head Researcher Dr. Cindi van Veenen.




On the Classification of Anomalies With Regards to Their Origin 

Foundation Journal of SCP-5128

Edition 001-02

Dr. Cindi van Veenen, Head Researcher

Dr. Keeva Rademacher, Senior Researcher

Related Objects of Study: SCP-1518

Abstract 


This article takes a more detailed approach upon the problem of categorization of anomalies with regards to the process that led to their creation. This matter was already tackled by Dr. Yoshida in a previous paper, leading to a division between  when applied to anomalous entities and proposes a more detailed system of classification of the same nature.

Keywords: classification, origin, theoretical.

I. Introduction 

The origin of anomalies is one of the main problems that led to the idealization and research on SCP-5128. The existence of a source of anomalous phenomena that is guided by laws, in a similar way to physics, and the better understanding of it could lead to the creation of more effective containment procedures to the anomalous entities and objects currently known by the Foundation, as the containment procedures that depend on materials currently understood through non-anomalous means sometimes lead to extensive, resource-intensive and sometimes impossible procedures.

As the need to understand SCP-5128 is of great importance to the Foundation, and no single approach has currently been observed as the more appropriate one, many have been created and are being explored concomitantly. One of them is the analysis of anomalies created by sapient beings, and discovery of the means used by them in order to achieve their results, as well as the comparison between intended and actual results, if it applies.

However, in order to properly study anomalies created by sapient beings, there needs to be a system of classification that is able to properly classify anomalies according to their origin, as well as to develop sub-classifications that permit one to properly compare anomalies with regards to the process that led to their creation.

Laying the foundation to that, Dr. Yoshida created a initial classification system which consisted on separating anomalies as  [1]. However, such system is insufficient for the purposes of SCP-5128, and as such needs to be modified and expanded.

II. The Term  

While SCP-5128 seems, indeed, to have been originated .

Although this is an artifact of colloquial speech, and shouldn't have place in a scientific discussion, the problem of causing unclear communication is undeniable and should be dealt with. As the classification system is not being widely used, this article proposes, instead of , one created by sapient entities, just the same.

III. Expansion of the Classification System 

Although being able to clearly classify anomalies is ideal, it is not always possible. As such, when the origin of an anomaly is unknown, or impossible to clearly know, it should be classified as .

Similarly, there are some entities that seem to fall between being spontaneously and non-spontaneously created. One such entity is SCP-1518, for example, is classifiable as .

That analysis also leads us to a subdivision of the classification system:  entities can be further classified as:

Intentional:  created by sapient beings who had the intention of creating an anomaly;
Accidental:  created by sapient beings who did not have the intention of creating an anomaly.


As we currently do not have a complete survey of methods used for the creation of anomalies (both intentional and accidental), we still cannot have a complete classification of them in that regard.

Similarly to the analysis of who created the anomaly, there can also be a parallel classification based on the “raw material” used to structure the anomaly. On that matter, they can classified as:

Modified:  a non-anomalous living being or an object from our universe and time was given anomalous characteristics;
Summoned:  the anomaly is not original from this dimension or time. This classification can be further subdivided as:

Original:  the anomaly was created completely by its creator;
Extradimensional:  the anomaly comes from another dimension;
Extratemporal:  the anomaly comes from another time frame or timeline.




Obviously, summoned anomalies can also be further modified when brought to our universe. This classification also assumes extraterrestrial life to not be anomalous by default, as their existence has already been accepted by normal science.

Anomalous entities can also be classified based on their abilities, such as , and such. However, that list is much more extensive and is still being compiled, while also not being the focus of this article.

IV. Conclusion 

This article proposes the following parallel classification systems:

Non-spontaneous

Intentional
Accidental


Spontaneous


with regards to the agent that created the anomaly, and

Summoned

Original
Extradimensional
Extratemporal


Modified


with regards to the materials used to create them.

Like Dr. Yoshida's classification, this is still a basic system, designed with the intent of creating a foundation for a more complete system of classification. However, it already is a considerable improvement on its predecessor, and can also better guide research on the anomalies currently being analyzed by the SCP-5128 Research Team.


References 


[1] YOSHIDA, N. On the Origin of Anomalies: Basic Assumptions and Definitions. Foundation Journal of SCP-5128. Edition 001-01.
附加记录：    




Analysis of the Concept of  in the Creation of Anomalies 

Foundation Journal of SCP-5128

Edition 001-05

Dr. Nikita Yoshida, Senior Researcher

Related Objects of Study: SCP-4124

Related Groups of Interest: Dr. Wondertainment

Abstract 


This article provides an introductory analysis on the application of the concept of , its necessity and side-effects.

Keywords: trade-off, theoretical, thaumaturgy.

I. Introduction 

Reports gathered by the Foundation throughout the years indicate that some anomalies have been created through ritualistic means. That is, through a specific procedure that is able to create a specific anomaly, commonly taught by someone else or found within a book that details procedures of that kind. Those rituals commonly involve the use of non-anomalous resources, and sometimes the use of anomalous ones, in order to create the desired anomaly. This use of resources for anomalous gains is commonly called .

When two qualities, characteristics or aspects have an inversely proportional relationship between each other, it is said that improving on one involves the  of diminishing the other [1]. This relationship is observed in many scientific fields, such as Evolutionary Biology, Computer Science, Medicine, as well as in Ethics and even in games. However, the concept is central to the field of Economics, in which it is used to explain how people use the resources available to them and how resources are allocated throughout supply chains worldwide.

In Economics, the term  is used to represent the daily problem of allocating resources faced by every consumer: how to allocate time, money, food, among others, such as to maximize returns? Using money and time for entertainment may result in better mental health (even if temporarily), but also means that there will be less money and time available for other uses, such as investments, food and water, bills, and even for other types of entertainment. That is, using resources for one end prevents using such resources for other ends.

II. Rituals and Sacrifices 

The most visible aspect where the concept of trade-off applies with regards to anomalies is in the process of its creation. The use of premade procedures (commonly called SCP-4486 is one notable example.

Rituals are the most simple and also complete example of trade-offs, as it involves trading a resource (which could be used for other ends) for another resource. This kind of trade tends to follow the philosophy of . That is, if successful, the subject may be in possession of immeasurable anomalous power. However, not all rituals lead to the result intended by the subject. Others may have unclear wording, leading to unexpected results (SCP-963 is a notable example). And there is always the risk of unintended side-effects.

Analogously, there are also cases of , where low-stake rituals tend to lead to safer, much less powerful anomalies.

III. Side-effects 

Another aspect where the concept of trade-off can be applied is to extended use. Anomalous entities discovered by the Foundation sometimes display some effects that were likely not intended by their creators, that is, side-effects. SCPs 2658, 248, 4239, 1610, 1853 and 2687 are some of those. Those side-effects are normally related in some way to the expected behavior of the anomaly, and can range in strength from being mostly harmless to being able to create a K-class scenario.

SCP-1609.

Most of the examples given above seem to be the result of amateurism, and can be seen, for example, in other anomalies created by the  Group of Interest, as the first consists of a scientific research group that also investigates the creation of anomalies, while the other consists of anomalous young people (or people with access to information on established rituals). Thus, there is a trade-off between immediacy and quality: one needs to devote time to practice the creation of anomalies in order to generate less side-effects.

The last two examples of side-effects are notably unpredictable and manifested only when present in a situation in which they were not designed to be present in.

With this in mind, it may be necessary to raise the hypothesis that side-effects are ever-present in anomalies, although they may not manifest initially, but they can be lowered in amount and intensity provided the creator has sufficient experience in creating anomalies. That is, when creating an anomaly, you are trading safety (that is, the safety of dealing with easily-understood materials and concepts) for power (as anomalies may have an infinity of reality- and time-altering effects, among others).

IV. Mental Health Effects 

One of the hypotheses that can be raised from the observation of side-effects and rituals is the effect on an individual's mental health, which may itself be caused by the ability to create anomalies.

The ).

However, unlike non-anomalous artists, the members of Are We Cool Yet? Seem to display a complete disregard for human life, and see non-anomalous humans as just another raw material for their artistic objects and performances, as exemplified by Dr. Wondertainment series.

As such, it also raises the hypothesis that one of the side-effects of mastering the creation of anomalies is decreasing rationality. That is, as one becomes more experienced in creating anomalies, one also acquires new, less reasonable perspectives that consider it appropriate to negatively affect humanity in many different ways, even if their goals consist on improving humanity in one way or another (as Are We Cool Yet? aims to create  and rationality.

V. Conclusion 

Despite the Foundation's lack of complete reports on the many different aspects and facets of the creation of anomalies, the little information we have allows us to extrapolate a more complete picture of it. For example, even though anomalies can completely defy non-anomalous Physics, Chemistry, Biology and other scientific fields, some rules that apply to them can also be applied to the study of anomalies, more specifically the study of SCP-5128, meaning that the trade-off model, as it is applied to Economics, may be applied to it without many modifications on the abstract level (as on the practical level, we currently lack any information on “exchange rates” and any kind of relationships between resources and results).


References 


[1] KRUGMAN, P. R.; WELLS, R.; OLNEY, M. L. Essentials of economics. 2nd ed. New York: Worth Publishers, 2010.
附加记录：    

‌




Taming the Beast: the Abstractions of SCP-5128 

Foundation Journal of SCP-5128

Edition 002-01

Dr. Damianos Alvey, Senior Researcher

Related Groups of Interest: Sarkicism

Abstract 


Many of the groups of interest identified and monitored by the Foundation exhibit unique ways of creating anomalies, each one with its advantages and disadvantages. Following the assumption that SCP-5128 is the source of all anomalies, including the ones the groups of interests created through their own means, this paper proposes that each of those unique sets of methods and procedures are actually abstractions of SCP-5128 made to facilitate its use, and as a result, also have their own limitations.

Keywords: thaumaturgy, Flow, abstraction, anomalous art.

I. Introduction 

In Computer Science, abstraction is the name given to the process of hiding information in order to create simpler interaction patterns [1]. For example, machine code is the name given to set of bits which are received, linearly, by the computer’s processor and which are able to make the processor execute preprogrammed procedures by interacting with other computer components, especially memory.

However, programming bit-by-bit is extremely difficult and time-intensive. To circumvent those difficulties, it was transformed into a series of short commands which could be directed to memory locations to perform operations on them. That is, Assembly code. It abstracted the sequence of bits into commands there were more human-readable. Over time, it also proved to be cumbersome, so from it came other programming languages which added more layers of abstraction and were easier to use.

However, increasing abstraction comes with a trade-off: lower performance, lower control of memory, lower flexibility, along with a higher propensity for bugs present in implementations. In order to give space for the higher-level abstractions, comes the need to implement the compiler (or interpreter) in bulkier, more general, and more robust ways, meaning the resulting machine code ends up bigger. Some languages also come with built-in garbage collection or needs to use an interpreter, which are themselves additional programs, and as such, can have their own problems (aside from using more resources), and the user is sometimes unable to debug them themselves.

Although the nature and laws of SCP-5128 are not currently understood (to the Foundation's knowledge, by no one), many groups and people have managed to find ways to use its  and similar procedures. This article intends raise a theory on how it is possible to create such anomalies while not knowing that SCP-5128 even exists in the form that we think of it.

II. Flow 

One such way to create anomalies that we currently some understanding is through . In Psychology, the flow state is described as a state in which a person becomes fully immersed in an activity, to the point of losing sense of time, while also doing it to the best of their abilities, without feeling fatigue or other symptoms related to intense activity [2].

In the field of Anomalous Art, however, Flow describes a similar effect, but that also allows one to give anomalous characteristics to otherwise non-anomalous artwork. This allows one to create such things as objects that can move and think without Biological organs and paintings which can be entered and easily manipulated.

Flow is probably one of the methods of creation of anomalous objects that the Foundation has the most knowledge on, as it is also one of the easiest. However, it also is one of the least  Group of Interest.

Due to those properties, it can be interpreted as a  abstraction of SCP-5128: it hides SCP-5128's true form, while providing an interface that is simple to use and to understand, although it comes at the cost of having severe limitations.

There have been no recorded instances of it being able to create weapons, for example, although some of the works they created have deadly effects or side-effects. Those works, however, also tend to be created by individuals with a less rational perspective on life and humanity, also following the Theory of Trade-off, and there is also the possibility of them being made using or in combination with other anomalous means.

III. Global Occult Coalition's Approach 

From what the Foundation gathered from the , which they are able to measure through three axes: Hue, Pitch, and Weave, which they then use to classify anomalies and anomalous humanoids.

This is probably one of the most general perspectives on the creation of anomalies, as EVE is said to be able to lead to any kind of anomalous behavior and reality-altering effects. It can be interpreted as being an empiric concept analogous to SCP-5128, but the Foundation's reports also indicate that the GOC has been unable to fully understand EVE. As the group's objective is mostly to obtain and terminate anomalies, rather than create them, this knowledge has been used to detect and classify anomalous entities using their VERITAS system.

Due to its characteristics, it may be interpreted as a  abstraction of SCP-5128. It is much harder to understand and to use (much like SCP-5128 probably is), however, it can lead to a very wide range of reality-altering abilities and to the creation of anomalies of any type.

IV. Thaumaturgy 

Thaumaturgical procedures (that is, rituals) may be considered a  for the anomalies they create. In fact, there are multiple thaumatological sects, each with their specialties and limitations.

 Group of Interest, on the other hand, specializes on the use of organic material (specially human), and their abilities derive from Yaldabaoth. Similarly, other sects with other systems of beliefs attribute the source of anomalous behaviors to their deities, and have similar limitations.

Thaumathurgy would then be a , that is, isolated algorithms designed to fulfill a single purpose.

V. Conclusion 

Many questions were raised upon the existence and oneness of SCP-5128 in the short time that it has been researched, due to the existence of multiple . It also shows that it is not needed to fully understand SCP-5128 in order create anomalies. Possibly not even to create one of such systems.


References 


[1] COLBURN, T.; SHUTE, Gary. Abstraction in Computer Science. Minds and Machines. ed. 17: 169–184. 2007-06-05. doi:10.1007/s11023-007-9061-7. ISSN 0924-6495.

[2] CSIKSZENTMIHÁLYI, M. Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience. Harper  Row, 1990. ISBN 978-0-06-016253-5.

[3] YOSHIDA, N. Analysis of the Concept of  in the Creation of Anomalies. Foundation Journal of SCP-5128. Edition 001-05.
附加记录：    




Consciousness and Soul: on the Creation of Anomalous Humanoids 

Foundation Journal of SCP-5128

Edition 004-03

Dr. Damianos Alvey, Senior Researcher

Related Objects of Study: SCP-3015

Abstract 


This paper analyzes the creation of anomalous humanoids such as to create beings that exhibit anomalous properties and have a specific, well-defined purpose, such as the  Group of Interest. The common characteristics are laid down and an explanation for them is proposed.

Keywords: soul, consciousness, thaumaturgy, anomalous humanoids.

I. Introduction 

Anomalous humanoids are one of the most common anomalies that the Foundation contains. And most are not persons of interest that obtained anomalous abilities through some specific means, but non-anomalous humans that were modified in some way by individuals with anomalous abilities or through the use of thaumaturgy.

They range considerably in their abilities and extent of anomalous modifications. For example, SCP-905, which has been modified to be composed entirely of photons (although whether it originated from a human or not is debatable, it is difficult to affirm that there would be any limit to the possibilities of such modifications).

The better example for this case, however, would be SCP-2396 was modified to feature  of creating anomalous objects similar to hard candy (which can anomalously change the entire composition of male-identified individuals) and can anomalously affect the physiology of male-identified individuals within 50 yards of its position, as long as she is regularly supplied with sugar.

Documents 3015-A and -B from SCP-3015 mention the possibility of removing and inserting a  into humanoids, as well as the ability to change their appearance at will. This goes against modern science's consensus on the non-existence of a soul, as evidences for its existence have not been detected.

II. What is a Soul? 

As this article is not relying on modern science to reach an explanation, but instead using the Foundation's decades of existence and research on anomalies of all types, as well as working on the assumption that SCP-5128 exists and is the source of all anomalies, two a priori hypotheses may be formulated.

II.1. Souls Exist and are Anomalous 

A previous paper from Dr. Rademacher [1] established that one of the properties of SCP-5128 is that of animation (and, consequently, deanimation). SCP-5128 is able to turn any inanimate object into an animate object, being able to give it characteristics such as autonomous movement, physiology, and rational thinking.

Another paper, from Dr. van Veenen [2], established  as any entity or effect which was created through the use of SCP-5128.

Therefore, if our consciousnesses were created by SCP-5128 spontaneously, instead of being created by our neurochemistry, and souls indeed exist and are responsible for the existence of human consciousness and behavior (as well as those of every other animal), then souls are anomalous and, therefore, consciousness (in any level) is also anomalous. Other anomalous characteristics would be added afterwards through abnormalization [3].

II.2. Souls as an Abstraction of Abnormalization 

On the other hand, the concept of a  could also be an abstraction of the process of creating an anomaly with a high degree of autonomy [4]. This would mean that there is not, indeed, a soul, and normal humans function in a way fully explainable by normal science.

If we follow the assumption that SCP-5128 is limitless in regards to its abilities to create and destroy [5], it is natural that SCP-5128 also allows one to  onto another humanoid body.

III. Conclusion 

The veracity of the first hypothesis depends on whether SCP-5128 is responsible for the existence of consciousnesses. It is, however, the easiest explanation. But it would also create a paradox: either all animal life with any degree of consciousness is anomalous, or we cannot consider something an anomaly just because it was created by SCP-5128. That also would mean that SCP-5128 is not the source of all anomalies. As such, the first hypothesis can only lead to the conclusion that all animal life with any degree of consciousness is inherently anomalous.

The second hypothesis, however, leads to a better explanation of what is a soul and what it means to  a soul into a body: it is an abstraction of a procedure that involves SCP-5128. This hypothesis does not lead to a paradox, and goes in line with previous hypotheses and theories regarding SCP-5128, making it the most likely explanation.


References 


[1] RADEMACHER, K. Animation and Deanimation. Foundation Journal of SCP-5128. Edition 001-04.

[2] VAN VEENEN, C. Normality and Anomalousness. Foundation Journal of SCP-5128. Edition 001-01.

[3] LEITZKE, R. Abnormalization. Foundation Journal of SCP-5128. Edition 001-04.

[4] ALVEY, D. Taming the Beast: the Abstractions of SCP-5128. Foundation Journal of SCP-5128. Edition 002-01.

[5] RADEMACHER, K. Limitlessness: a Complete Survey of the Characteristics of Known Anomalies. Edition 003-04.
附加记录：    
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

+++ PRELIMINARY TESTS AND THEIR RESULTS ARE AVAILABLE ONLY TO LEVEL 5/5128 PERSONNEL +++




    
    
    
    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                wanderers-library
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Sep 2020 12:52
            
            Edit
+51)
Tags
Discuss (25)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Shadowrun: Denver
                      
              Complicated Shadows
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Samvedna Network
                      
              Collaborative e-learning for children
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            gaybox
                      
              im you but stronger
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            PassatB5
                      
              Do It Yourself information for Passat Repair!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

