                        


Item #:  SCP-3405

Object Class:  Keter

Standard Containment Procedures:  All criminal cases in the San Francisco area involving persons who match the most likely description of SCP-3405 are to be pursued by MTF Iota-10 (). Police, private detectives and other investigators working on the case are to be covertly undermined to reduce the probability of exposing civilians to an anomaly.

All persons with some probability of being SCP-3405 are to be interviewed and reviewed to verify that they are indeed SCP-3405.

Description:  SCP-3405 is a humanoid of indeterminate age, gender, and appearance. While photographic evidence and direct visual confirmation suggest that SCP-3405 is a Caucasian woman in her mid-thirties, these sources cannot be trusted. Other unverified reports indicate SCP-3405 suffers from alcoholism and intense mood swings.

SCP-3405 has been a suspect in at least three different murder cases; however, no amount of investigation has yielded conclusive evidence to convict SCP-3405. While it is possible that SCP-3405’s methods are non-anomalous, the Foundation has determined the probability of anomalous interference too high to ignore.

Addendum SCP-3405-1:  Below is a log of the murder cases SCP-3405 is suspect in.

+1

-Case


Victim: Tyler Denniber

Cause of Death: Vehicular Homicide

Notes: The accident took place outside of a small bar on the outskirts of San Francisco. While there were eyewitnesses, all either could not recall the license plate, or were deemed untrustworthy. Below is a selected interview from the investigation:





Two officers are interviewing an eye witness from the scene of the crime.

Officer 1:  So, you say you were at the scene of the crime.

Witness:  Yeah. I just happened to be coming to be walking outside when it happened. It was, uh, gruesome to say the least. Friend of mine called 911.

Officer 2:  Did you see the license plate?

Witness:  I think I did. It was all a blur but I caught a few digits.

Officer 1:  You didn't take a picture?

Witness:  Um no. I was too shocked to remember.

Officer 2:  That's fine. What digits did you recall?

Witness:  I think it started with zero, two, three.

Officer 2:  Ok. I think that's all we really need right now.

Both officers leave the interview room.

Officer 2:  Well, that seems to match most of the other reports.

Officer 1:  Yes, but it was late and these people were drunk. How seriously can we really take them?

Officer 2:  That is true, and some people did think they saw an  in the beginning.

Officer 1:  Exactly. This is getting us nowhere.


附加记录：    




+2

-Case


Victim: Alex Johnson

Cause of Death: Stab Wounds

Notes: A steak knife was found at the scene of the crime with Johnson's blood on it. Fingerprints and genetic material were lifted from the knife. However, due to the low accuracy of these forensic methods, and the possibility that the steak knife was not the murder weapon1, the results were discarded as false positives.




+3

-Case


Victim: Gryffin Lirus

Cause of Death: Gunshot

Notes: On 05/17/2016, Margaret Theld was detained as a possible SCP-3405 suspect, as she had varying levels of connection to the previous cases. At this point the investigation had moved under Foundation jurisdiction, so Agent Tennison conducted the interview:







Tennison:  Evening.

Theld:  Oh god. I was worried this would happen some day.

Tennison:  As you should be. Have you heard of a man by the name of Gryffin Lirus?

Theld:  Um… yes. Yes I have. He’s a coworker of mine.

Tennison:  He was a coworker of yours. Mr. Lirus hasn’t been seen in a week.

Theld swallows.

Tennison:  We contacted your employer too. Apparently, you two were competing for a promotion.

Theld:  I— I can explain.

Tennison:  Then please, explain these.

Tennison lays photos of an unidentified person burying the body of Gryffin Lirus.

Theld:  Um… uh… damn it. I did it. I fucking killed him. It was late and I was drunk and I was so mad and worried. I promised myself I wouldn’t do it again… but I couldn’t stop myself! I… I went to his apartment and shot him. Buried the body in the woods. And then in the morning I realized what I did and and and I realized that the alcohol had gotten to me and I just I hate myself for it.

Theld hangs her head.

Tennison:  Mhmm. So, you acted alone?

Theld:  Yes.

Tennison:  I knew it. This is useless.

Theld looks up.

Theld:  What?

Tennison:  What kind of an idiot do you take me for?

Theld:  But, but I just confessed… I did it. I killed him.

Tennison:  That’s just what the killer wants us to think!

Theld:  I— Uh

Tennison walks out of the room.

Theld:   the fuck?


附加记录：    

Mrs. Theld was amnesticized and released as per the review panel's instructions the next day. Efforts to detain SCP-3405 have been redoubled.




Footnotes
1. The alternative being that Johnson had cut himself by accident earlier that day.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 Jan 2020 22:48
            
            Edit
+42)
Tags
Discuss (14)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Grave-Box
                      
              Close that grave-box door
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Digital Vomit Records
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Fundacja SCP
                      
              Polska Filia SCP
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCR公司
                      
              安全.收容.研究
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

