                        


Item #:  SCP-4025

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4025 is currently kept in a top secret containment facility in Bonn, Germany. As per the 1949 National Socialist Anomalies Regulation Agreement between the Foundation and the Federal Republic of Germany, containment and research efforts are managed by the Foundation with German oversight. All historical literature affected by SCP-4025-A must be transcribed, with said transcriptions available to federal authorities for review after being screened by the current head researcher.

Description:  SCP-4025 is the Blutfahne ( Dark in 1947.

SCP-4025's anomalous properties manifest when it makes contact with any item which contains a physical nonfictional narrative relating to the history of Germany, Eastern Europe, or Russia2. Upon contact, the narrative (hereafter SCP-4025-A) will be transformed in such a way that it describes an alternate reality. While the realities described in each SCP-4025-A instance are not consistent with one another, the following commonalities are found in all instances:

The history of the described world remains identical to ours until a Point of Divergence (PoD) taking place no earlier than January 1933 and no later than May 1942.
Nazi Germany (usually referred to in SCP-4025-A by its official name, the Greater German Reich) successfully conquers most of the European continent at some point in the 1930s or 1940s by defeating the Soviet Union.
The United Kingdom and the United States remain unconquered.
Generalplan Ost, the postwar colonization and mass extermination plan developed for Eastern Europe by the Nazis, is partially or completely implemented.
Nazi rule over the European continent collapses no later than 1980, leading to widespread turmoil and destruction.


Examples of Media Produced by SCP-4025 



Original Media:  Poland - Culture Smart!: The Essential Guide to Customs  Culture (by Greg Allen: Kuperard, 2015)

Resulting SCP-4025-A Instance:  Our Father, Who Art in Gdańsk: An Examination of the Polish Psyche (by Arthur Brand: Alliance Publishing, 2002)

Media Description:  After briefly describing the reconstruction of the Polish state following the General Government's liberation from Nazi rule in 1957, the author puts forward the thesis that Polish nationalism resembles a secular religion more than a traditional cultural identity, as evidenced by the fusion of Roman Catholic worship with  for modern Poland's founders (especially the Polish Government-In-Exile) and national heroes.

Author divides the  phenomenon.

 was only spared from Nazi destruction due to its association with Prussia. Poles must therefore reconcile the mixed German/Polish heritage of the city with the fact that it is the only remaining area in the country with any pre-20th century Polish architecture intact.

Lastly,  to behave in any manner it wishes towards Germany due to the universal association of the latter with Nazism up to the present day.
附加记录：    



Original Media:  Under Fate's Wing: A Refugee Girl's Flight to Freedom in the Shadows of World War II (by Hillevi Ruumet: Syncronea Pulbications, 2015)

Resulting SCP-4025-A Instance:  We Are Not Germans: My Life in Reichskommissariat Ostland 1941-1956 (by Lisandra Saar: Institute of German Historical Studies, 1970)

Media Description:  An autobiography of an Estonian woman living in the Nazi-occupied Baltics (referred to as Reichskommissariat Ostland by the Greater German Reich), starting with the first German soldiers arriving in her hometown of Tartu in mid-1941 when she was thirteen and ending with the liberation of the territory by the Allies fifteen years later. After first greeting the Germans as saviors from Soviet oppression, she recalls her  as Nazi plans for her country become apparent. An especially traumatic event which is referenced several times is the closure of her local school and the public execution of the entire teaching faculty.

The title of the book refers to attempts to  taking place during the early years of Nazi rule, and the only education she received after the occupation was lessons in German (which she was expected to demonstrate fluency in within two years). After speaking Estonian in public became gradually restricted and then almost entirely banned, the author founded an underground resistance group dedicated to teaching young children the language in order to prevent its gradual extinction.

Two main motifs are present throughout the book: the author's missing sister, and the act of flipping a coin (referencing the genocide of 54% of native Estonians as part of Nazi population reduction goals). Her sister was deemed . The fifth chapter is devoted to her thoughts on the concept of luck as it relates to her and her sister: a recurring dream she had throughout the occupation involved her sister having swapped hair and eye color with her, and the dream always ended with her being put on a train headed west.

The final chapter and epilogue describe the Allied occupation of the country following the end of the Long War. Recalling that her feelings towards her liberators were 
附加记录：    



Original Media:  The Great War 1914-1918 (by Marx Ferro tr. Nicole Stone: Routledge Classics, 2002)

Resulting SCP-4025-A Instance:  Prelude: A History of the First World War (by Nancy Lu: Cambridge University Press, 1999)

Media Description:  Content describing the events of the First World War are nearly identical to the non-anomalous addition, with some minor deviations in style and wording. However, chapters devoted to analyzing the causes of the First World War are altered in such a way that the rise of the German state is seen as the sole factor which lead to the both World Wars, with one passage describing the Treaty of Versailles as  The author strongly advocates against German reunification and implies that the majority of both academia and the general public share her view on the subject.
附加记录：    



Original Media:  The Holocaust: A New History (by Lawrence Rees: PublicAffairs, 2017)

Resulting SCP-4025-A Instance:  Generalplan Ost: The Eradication of Eastern Europe (by Susan Smith: Memorial Publishing, 1990)

Media Description:  Book is a detailed account of the colonization and destruction of Eastern Europe, with special attention paid to Poland and the former Soviet Union. First two chapters of the book mainly consist of  photographs of Warsaw, Minsk, Moscow, Saint Petersburg, and other Eastern European cities which were demolished on the direct orders of Adolf Hitler and other Nazi leaders, alongside author commentary. One photograph, which is described as world-famous, depicts a Russian man putting a sledgehammer to the Church of All Saints in Moscow under SS gunpoint with tears in his eyes.

Middle section of the book is devoted to documenting the depopulation of Eastern Europe via  measures.

Final section of the book examines the fate of Eastern Europe since the collapse of the Greater German Reich in 1971. While countries with boundaries similar to those that existed in 1939 were re-established, much of the former Eastern Reich is said to be  With demographic estimates concluding that it could take up to a century or longer for the populations of these countries to reach their pre-Nazi levels, the author concludes that the damage done by the Reich will never fully be repaired.
附加记录：    



Original Media:  The Diary of Anne Frank (by Anne Frank ed. Otto Frank: Contact Publishing, 1947)

Resulting SCP-4025-A Instance:  Blank book.

Media Description:  Firsthand accounts of Holocaust victims are erased by SCP-4025. Additionally, no recorded SCP-4025-A instances make reference to primary sources on the Holocaust, even when directly acknowledging that it occurred and describing it in detail. Our Father, Who Art in Gdańsk contains a brief reference to 
附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. The original paramilitary wing of the Nazi Party and predecessor of the more famous Schutzstaffel (SS). Eliminated during the  purge in June-July 1934.
2. Digital media is not affected by SCP-4025.
3. An ethnic minority native to Latvia.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            03 Jul 2019 21:21
            
            Edit
+108)
Tags
Discuss (19)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            UCSD Grad Students
                      
              ...the information exchange and virtual community
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Análise Matemática III
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Grants Recipes
                      
              Good food for you!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Enchanted Bros wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

