                        


Item #:  SCP-4122

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-4122 is to be stored in a standard locked safe-deposit box. Access is restricted, requiring written permission from two Level 4 personnel.

Testing with SCP-4122 is prohibited.

Description:  SCP-4122 is a section of PVC pipe, 9cm long. An arrow is drawn on the side of the object in black permanent marker.

Housed within SCP-4122 is a temporal anomaly that shifts objects passing through it 1 second into the future or past, depending on the direction of travel. Objects passing through in the direction of the arrow (hereafter ) travel into the past.

SCP-4122 was recovered from the possession of Michael Swanson, a tradesman who had been using the object to duplicate currency. Swanson claimed to have retrieved SCP-4122 from a house in the suburbs of Brisbane, Australia after being hired to perform maintenance work on the building's stormwater system. Foundation efforts to locate the house have been unsuccessful, and the address provided by Swanson prior to being amnesticised lead to an undeveloped estate.

Addendum A: SCP-4122 Testing Log 

+Log

-Log


Date:  05-11-████

Presiding:  Level 3 Senior Researcher Dr. Andreas Weir

Assisting:  Level 2 Research Assistant May Schumacher

Redundant tests redacted for brevity



Test 1 

Apparatus:  Red plastic ping pong ball, 40mm diameter.

Procedure:  Ball was dropped through SCP-4122 in the forward direction.

Results:  Ball vanished from sight for 1 second upon passing through SCP-4122 before emerging and continuing along previous trajectory. Slow motion recording shows the ball disappearing smoothly as it passes an invisible plane near the midpoint of SCP-4122.
附加记录：    



Test 2 

Apparatus:  30cm steel ruler.

Procedure:  Ruler was pushed through SCP-4122 in the forward direction.

Results:  Tip of ruler emerged 1 second after passing through SCP-4122's event horizon. Any motions made with the ruler were repeated by the ruler tip 1 second later.
附加记录：    



Test 7 

Apparatus:  Red plastic ball.

Procedure:  Ball was dropped through SCP-4122 in the backward direction.

Result:  0.75 seconds prior to being dropped, and 1 second prior to entering SCP-4122's event horizon, a duplicate instance of the ping-pong ball emerged from SCP-4122. The original instance vanished upon entering SCP-4122's event horizon, leaving only the duplicate.
附加记录：    



Test 8 

Apparatus:  Red plastic ball.

Procedure:  Research Assistant Schumacher was instructed to drop ball through SCP-4122, but stop when a duplicate emerged.

Result:  Approximately 0.75 seconds before the ball was to be dropped, a duplicate instance emerged. A high-pitched sound1 and brief puff of air not observed in the earlier tests were noted when the duplicate ball emerged. Comparative analysis of both instances could find no difference.

Note:  This test confirmed the recovery team's report that the object has the ability to duplicate small items.
附加记录：    



Test 15 

Apparatus:  30cm steel ruler.

Procedure:  Ruler was pushed through SCP-4122 in the backward direction.

Results:  Tip of ruler emerged 1 second prior to passing through SCP-4122's event horizon. Motions made by the ruler tip attempted to predict Research Assistant Schumacher's movements by 1 second, but showed visible discrepancies. Ruler was retrieved without incident.

Note:  This test appears to be inconsistent with the results of Test 8. The research team hypothesizes that there may be some manner of threshold for creating a paradox that this test did not meet. Alternatively, it may simply not work if you've got something stuck in it.
附加记录：    



Test 16 

Apparatus:  30cm steel ruler.

Procedure:  Ruler was pushed through SCP-4122 in the backward direction while Research Assistant Schumacher was blindfolded.

Results:  Tip of ruler emerged 1 second prior to passing through SCP-4122's event horizon. Motions made by the ruler tip accurately predicted all of Research Assistant Schumacher's movements.

Note:  This test implies that the discrepancies in movements observed in the previous test were the direct result of Schumacher’s awareness of the ruler's future movements.
附加记录：    



Test 19 

Subject:  White laboratory rat

Procedure:  Research Assistant Schumacher was instructed to drop subject through SCP-4122, but stop when a duplicate emerges.

Results:  Subject was successfully duplicated. SCP-4122 emitted a high pitched sound2 and puff of air consistent with previous tests. Comparative analysis found both instances of the subject to be identical.

Note:  The research team concluded based on animal testing that SCP-4122 was acceptably safe, and requested authorization to perform human testing in order to retrieve tactile data.
附加记录：    



Test 22 

Subject:  D-28512

Procedure:  Subject was instructed to push right hand through SCP-4122 in the backward direction.

Results:  Subject moved to follow instructions, but flinched and pulled his hand back when the duplicate emerged. The duplicate hand was cleanly severed at the wrist, accompanied by a high pitched sound3 and puff of air consistent with previous tests. Comparative analysis has identified no difference between the severed duplicate hand and the subject's actual hand beyond the results of it being detached from the subject's body.
附加记录：    

Note:  Testing was postponed until the lab and equipment could be cleaned of blood.




Addendum B: SCP-4122 Audio Analysis Results 

+AUTHORIZATION)

-Results


Date:  08-11-████

Description:  Multiple samples were provided by the research team. Each consists of approximately half a minute of audio, played at around 30x normal speed and pitched primarily in the ultrasonic range. Voices identified as those of Research Assistant Schumacher, Dr. Weir and D-28512. Transcripts are provided below.

Redundant reports redacted for brevity



Sample 4122-1 

 

Schumacher:  

Weir:  

Schumacher:  

Weir:  

[A noise consisting of hundreds of plastic, popping noises can be heard increasing in volume in the background. Very distant shouting can also be made out]

Schumacher:  

Weir:  

Schumacher:  

Weir:  [voice noticeably distorted] 

[Weir begins a string of profanity, before being cut off by choking noises. The background noise increases to a roar]

Schumacher:  

[Schumacher's cries for help continue for approximately 8 seconds during which the background noise continues to increase in volume before audio passes beyond discernible range]

 
附加记录：    



Sample 4122-4 

 

Schumacher:  

Weir:  

Schumacher:  ”

Weir:  

Schumacher:  ”

Weir:  

[A noise consisting of a combination of squeaking, hissing, chattering and plopping noises can be heard increasing in volume in the background. Very distant screaming can also be made out]

Schumacher:  

Weir:  

Schumacher:  

Weir:  [voice noticeably distorted] 

Schumacher:  

[momentary pause, during which the background noise increases to a roar]

Schumacher:  [audibly clearer, likely due to Schumacher positioning herself closer to the object] 

[Schumacher's voice is abruptly choked off as if something has blocked her mouth. This is followed by approximately 6 seconds of muffled screaming before audio passes beyond discernible range]

 
附加记录：    

Note:  Testing of SCP-4122 has been discontinued indefinitely by order of O5-9.




Footnotes
1. See Addendum B - Audio Analysis Report 4122-1
2. See Addendum B - Audio Analysis Report 4122-4
3. See █████████ - ███████████████ ████-█








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                temporal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            15 Mar 2020 18:26
            
            Edit
+40)
Tags
Discuss (10)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            IS2216 - JAVA WIKI
                      
              Java for beginners
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Grants Recipes
                      
              Good food for you!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CAA Institute
                      
              Accommodating Cosmic Anomalies Since 1908
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            EXCELENCIA
                      
              exploring, describing and promoting  great websites!
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

