                        


Item #:  SCP-516

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-516 may be kept in an Anomalous Vehicle Containment Bay. Routine vehicle maintenance should be carried out on a bi-weekly basis. SCP-516 is not to be provided with fuel or ammunition except under controlled testing circumstances. Following Incident 516-1A, no personnel with a history of military service should be assigned to SCP-516.

Description:  SCP-516 is a standard model T-55 main battle tank. Records indicate it was manufactured in 19██, at ████████████ Plant, Kharkiv, Ukrainian SSR, and that it had a normal period of service in the armed forces of ██████████. It exhibits wear and tear consistent with its age.

The only part of SCP-516 which is known to exhibit anomalous properties is its main armament (presently a 100mm D10 tank gun) and turret assembly, from here designated as SCP-516-1. However, as SCP-516-1 has been replaced several times throughout SCP-516's service life without any apparent effects, its anomalous properties seem to be inherent to SCP-516.

When loaded with compatible 100mm ammunition SCP-516-1 exhibits a limited degree of autonomy. When an entity attempts to damage SCP-516, SCP-516-1 will track and fire on it if it is physically possible to neutralise the threat, regardless of whether SCP-516 is crewed. It will not respond to threats outside its range or traverse, such as aircraft. This phenomenon only occurs if the entity possesses reasonable means to damage SCP-516; for example, SCP-516-1 will not fire on a person attempting to attack SCP-516 with their fists.

SCP-516-1 may be operated manually, but is selective about its targets. In general, it will only 'permit' its operator to fire on nonliving targets, nonsapient biological targets or armed humans. Under these circumstances it will fire as a normal armament piece. If a target does not satisfy these conditions (essentially, being an unarmed, sapient being) SCP-516-1 will jam. Attempts to prevent jamming through maintenance or parts replacement have failed.

SCP-516 appears to go to extra lengths to prevent injury to unarmed humans, deliberately placing shots from SCP-516-1 to avoid collateral damage. When operated manually, SCP-516-1 places a higher priority on preserving unarmed life than eliminating armed targets; it will jam if directed to fire upon a group of persons, of which only some members are armed.

It should be noted that none of SCP-516's other armaments exhibit these properties, and appear to be perfectly normal.

SCP-516 was brought to the attention of the Foundation in 20██, when it was slated to be broken up for scrap. Due to a bureaucratic oversight, ammunition had not been removed from SCP-516-1, causing it to open fire with ██ casualties. The ensuing ████████ government investigation was noted by Foundation operatives, and it was thought worthwhile to take SCP-516 into custody.

Addendum 516-1:  An upgrade to Euclid status is being considered in light of Incident 516-1A, as this lends credence to Dr. ██████'s theory that the SCP may be sentient in some form. Additional security measures have been approved for SCP-516's containment.

Incident 516-1A synopsis:  During routine testing of SCP-516, SCP-516-1 immediately fired upon a group of unarmed personnel in range as soon as it was loaded with ammunition, leading to the death of two (2) D-class personnel (D-505, D-596) and one (1) Foundation officer, Agent ███████.

Subsequent investigation showed that D-596, one of the casualties, had attained his D-class status following a criminal conviction for treason against his native country, ██████████. D-596 previously held the (English equivalent) rank of Sergeant in the ████████████ armed forces, from which SCP-516 was acquired.

No other possible links to SCP-516 with D-596 or the other casualties have been found at this stage. This marks the first time SCP-516 has attacked unarmed personnel; further investigation and safety precautions are warranted.

Addendum 516-2:  SCP-516 Testing Log







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                weapon
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            23 Mar 2020 17:38
            
            Edit
+257)
Tags
Discuss (23)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Chaos  Complexity Theories in Education Group
                      
              Also a Special Interest Group of the American Educational Research Association
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Environmental Journalists in India
                      
              Sign Up Here If Your Ink Is Green
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sukhoi Superjet 100
                      
              Реальность против домыслов
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Right from 
                      
              Animation through Online Collaboration by students
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

