                        





Item №:  SCP-4668

Anomaly Class:  Keter

Special Containment Procedures:  MTF Phi-Eolh () is tasked with retrieving confirmed instances of E-4668 from the general populace. Phase 1 instances are to be confined to a soundproofed cell, and either terminated or allowed to interact with a terminally injured/ill member of personnel until SCP-4668 infection is confirmed. The infected subject should then be humanely euthanised. Phase 2 instances may be used as D-Class personnel in circumstances with a confirmed lack of anomalous cross-contamination.

Description:  SCP-4668 is a virulent and contagious anecdote, the psychological effects of which are extreme and varied. SCP-4668 is spread via first-hand recounting (i.e. an infected subject reciting SCP-4668 to an uninfected person or group), and will spread to exactly one member of said group with 100% certainty, with a much lower chance (p it is worth noting, however, that all those present during a telling of SCP-4668 will be unable to remember any details, and therefore find it impossible to tell the story themselves if not infected. This antimemetic quality will also apply to second, third, and nth-hand accounts, even though the primary contagious quality will not.

Symptoms of SCP-4668 infection within a human subject1 progress as follows:


Phase 1: 

Initially, Phase 1 will take the form of a memory-alteration in which the currently affected entity (E-4668) will adopt the experiences contained within it as their own memories over the course of 3 or 4 days. This effect is subtle and subconscious, and ordinarily causes no difference in the subject's behaviour.

After two weeks, if SCP-4668 is not told to another subject naturally, E-4668 will begin to develop the following personality alterations:

Increased desire to spend time in residences other than their own.
Lowered hostility towards persons they previously disliked or distrusted.
Increased desire to consume alcohol2 and appetite for common 'party foods'.
Growing restlessness and hyperactivity, increasing slowly but linearly over an indefinite period.


These alterations will persist until SCP-4668 is told directly (first-hand) to another person or group, after which point E-4668 will progress to Phase 2. The additional subject(s) will proceed to the start of Phase 1.

Phase 2: 

Phase 2 consists of two specific personality alterations, as follows:

The negation of all Phase 1 symptoms, and the removal of SCP-4668 from E-4668's memory.
A slow decline in mental state, revolving around dissociation, loss of sense of self, lethargy, and a suppression of all notable personality traits. E-4668 will cease engaging in all forms of recreational activity, and will simply take the simplest routes to ensure their own well-being and survival  frequently working a low-paid job, purchasing only simple food, and living in affordable but sparsely furnished accommodation. Cutting ties with friends and relatives is common, as is the disposal of any unnecessary personal belongings. A study conducted by Foundation personnel in 1966 showed that (based only on their actions and indirect communication) E-4668 instances in the advanced stages of SCP-4668 infection could not reliably be distinguished from one another by civilians, even those with which they previously had close relationships.


No method of preventing or reverting these changes has been found. Amnestic treatment appears to accelerate the effect, and mnestic preservation can delay it by a factor of up to 12.5% with regular doses. Full progression through Phase 2 can take anywhere between 24 hours and 3 months.


Addendum | Transcript of SCP-4668: 

►antimeme]

◄Transcript




Transcript of subject E-4668-14, formerly Mr. Edward Daffern, recounting SCP-4668 during a staged social gathering performed by Foundation personnel 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~





Hah! Yeah, I know right! Anyway, so this creepy guy gets out, walks up to me, and here I am like 13 years old, absolutely bricking it. I start walking away as fast as I can, but the guy keeps following me. So he's catching up, I'm absolutely shitting myself, he- Yeah, sure man, no skin off my nose. But basically, he grabs me on my wrist, and he must've been, like, freakishly strong or something because I can remember I thought it was gonna break.




























Daffern then progressed to Phase 2, and is currently acting (of their own volition) as low-risk D-Class personnel for the Memetics and Infohazards Division. Research into known cotton mills revealed several dozen matching Daffern's description, but only one in close proximity to a suitable educational institution. Said institution was never attended by either Daffern or D-099023 (the infected member of the social gathering), but investigation of the building revealed upwards of two-thousand empty cages stacked against the eastern-facing wall. A brass plaque was found on the threshold (presumably at some point dislodged from the door), reading .

No records of such an organisation exist.




Footnotes
1. Animals with sufficient brain functionality to contain the narrative will also be infected, but as they have no method of communicating SCP-4668 they will not progress past Phase 1.
2. Still present in subjects with alcohol intolerance or similar conditions, taking the form of a mild craving that does not override normal self-preservation.
3. This number was an increase from  as of 2017.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                scp
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            14 Jul 2020 04:59
            
            Edit
+68)
Tags
Discuss (6)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            UK Wiki Lulu
                      
              The website for the UK creators at Lulu.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Signaturbogen 2.0
                      
              4.000 signaturer, 2.500 kunstnere
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            TI-Basic Developer
                      
              The TI-Basic Information Repository
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            STARFIGHTER INFINITY
                      
              Open Source Website
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

