                        


Item #:  SCP-173-J

Object Class:  Euclid2

Special Containment Procedures:  Item SCP-173-J is to be given a container to act as a central living area. As SCP-173-J is basically harmless, is to be permitted to move freely about Facility-17. The Site Director foresees no adverse consequences from this policy.

UPDATE:  Following disastrous unforeseen consequences, new containment procedures are in development. See Incident Log 8/17/92 .

Description:  Contained in Facility-17, as of 19923. Origin is as of yet unknown. It is constructed from concrete and rebar with traces of Krylon brand spray paint, as well as what appears to be state-fair-grade water-based face paint in a 

Note that SCP-173-J’s action occurs too quickly for subjects to respond; when at full speed, the object is capable of completing three (3) shenanigans per second.

On 7/20/92, SCP-173-J appeared wearing a sombrero. The object entered a  in SCP-173-J will be assigned to toilet owl duty.

Personnel report the sound of scraping stone originating from within the container when no one else is present inside and the object is not under video surveillance. Freelance stone-scraping analysts have determined that SCP-173-J is practicing the dance of its people. This is considered normal, and any change in this behavior should be reported to the acting HMCL supervisor on duty.

The thick, brown substance on the floor of SCP-173-J's dwelling is [DATA EXPUNGED]-O brand chocolate pudding. Origin of this material is unknown. The substance poses no apparent danger, and is allowed to accumulate freely. UPDATE: SEE INCIDENT LOG 8/14/92. 

Incident Log 8/14/92: 



Assistant Researcher Bramwell was assigned to inspect SCP-173-J for physical changes. Researchers Murphy and Nichols spoke to him using a two-way handheld communicator. The following is a transcript of the communication transmitted during the inspection.

Bramwell : Guys? This floor is really really slippery.

Murphy : Man, I bet.

Nichols : No surprise there, it’s all puddingy.

Bramwell : No, I mean I don’t think I can even get over to the sculpture. This stuff is a few inches deep.

Nichols : You mean “a few centimeters deep”.

Murphy : This is probably going on the record. At least try to be professional.

Bramwell : [EXPLETIVE]! [A collision is heard.] It’s in my eyes—Oh, [EXPLETIVE]!

Murphy : Didn’t you hear what he just said? Watch your language, Doctor.

Bramwell : It's standing over me, just just waiting, I think.

Nichols : It sounds like he's up for a pudding wrassle [sic]. It's okay, I'm pretty sure you can take him.

Bramwell : Oh, god, I just blinked and he's leaning toward me [A muffled scream can be heard.]

Nichols : Don't worry about language. It’ll probably just be taken out in the transcript.

Bramwell : It’s on top of me! I can’t see, and it’s crushing my [unintelligible]

Murphy : It's just a pin, man, you can reverse it! Wait, they can do that?

Nichols : Sure. It’s called redaction.

Bramwell : I can't! He must weigh [gurgling cough] four hundred (400) pounds!

Nichols : Nice clinical tone! You got this!

Murphy : Redaction, huh? [EXPLETIVE], that’s fantastic. [chuckles] I said [EXPLETIVE]. Seriously, how have I not heard about this?

Nichols : They only just started doing it. It’s actually encouraged, since it apparently makes the documentation more interesting and suspenseful if you leave out the scary or salacious bits.

Bramwell : I'm losing consciousness!

Murphy : Nichols, that’s really nice of them. There might be children reading this.

Nichols : Sweep the leg!
附加记录：    

Incident Log 8/17/92 :



Following the recovery of Assistant Researcher Bramwell’s body, it was determined that the storage container required a thorough cleaning to facilitate access to its resident. SCP-173-J was monitored carefully while high-pressure showers and a large drain grate were installed in the chamber. On 8/17, the following incident occurred.

02:00:40: The showers in SCP-173-J’s chamber are activated. The pudding is scoured from the floor.

02:01:34: Researcher Murphy notes that the water-based face paint on SCP-173-J is also being washed away by the sprinklers.

02:05:18: The showers are turned off.

02:20:04: The video feed monitoring SCP-173-J deactivates and becomes unresponsive. The interior of the chamber is silent.

02:28:11: The HMCL supervisor is called.

02:31:46: The HMCL supervisor arrives, takes inventory of the situation, and shrugs.

02:31:52: The HMCL supervisor is fired.

02:33:07: Researchers Murphy and Nichols are assigned to investigate.

02:33:51: The two doctors enter the chamber. Researcher Nichols notes via two-way communicator that the floor near SCP-173-J appears to be tinged dark red. Dr. Nichols takes a sample of the coating and remarks with extreme surprise that it does not taste like pudding at all.

02:34:01: A song is heard faintly in the background.4 Researcher Murphy remarks: “I think I have a text message.”

02:34:12: Dr. Nichols groans audibly. Dr. Murphy is heard remarking that the sender is most likely Kelly, who was previously speculating about breaking up with her boyfriend Mark. Dr. Murphy indicates an imperative need to discover whether such a procedure has been enacted, and if so, whether he can hit that on the rebound.

02:34:19: Dr. Nichols announces that he will maintain line of sight on SCP-173-J by closing one eye at a time. [This never works.]

02:34:26: A snapping sound is heard in the audio feed.

02:34:28: A second snapping sound is heard in the audio feed.

[REMAINING LOG EXPUNGED]
附加记录：    

Following this event, SCP-173-J’s containment procedures are scheduled to be completely revised. The new procedures will stipulate that SCP-173-J be kept locked in his containment area, which will be cleaned by hand. Any implication that SCP-173-J's containment documents should be revised will be denied, as SCP-173-J represents the classic roots of the Foundation which persist no matter which direction the organization has taken in the meantime.

Before this revision was ordered, the Site Director requested that Foundation Senior Staff decommission SCP-173-J due to its new properties, as the staffers are, to quote the Director’s requisition letter, “awesome and dreamy and wacky”. However, the request was denied; all Senior Staff were too busy chatting with, seducing, wielding, exactly as hilarious as they think it is”.

Footnotes
1. Following Incident 8/17/92, SCP-173-J's object class may have to be revised.
2. On 8/21/92, the action to which footnote 1 referred was made unnecessary, as the object class Euclid has been altered, and no longer refers to items with cat faces.
3. Spaces were not added to containment site names until 1995.
4. This is later determined to be an eight-second clip of “Rock You Like A Hurricane” by The Scorpions.


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sculpture
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            05 Dec 2019 15:57
            
            Edit
+672)
Tags
Discuss (102)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Games for Music
                      
              Music Game Archive  Community for Musicians of All Levels
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SMD超现实管制处
                      
              异常 中转 管理
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            UK Wiki Lulu
                      
              The website for the UK creators at Lulu.com
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            2020 IMOC
                      
              2020 暑期奧林匹亞數學研習營網頁
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

