                        




Image still taken from Experiment 14.



Item #:  SCP-3040

Object Class:  Safe Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-3040-1 is to be contained in a standard humanoid containment unit. SCP-3040-1 may file for additional furniture items, which are to be reviewed and approved by site personnel. SCP-3040-1 is allowed to move around Site-███ as it pleases, as long as it is accompanied by two Level-2 personnel at all times. SCP-3040-1 is no longer granted wandering privileges. Any requests for SCP-3040 to be amputated are to be ignored by all Foundation personnel.

Only objects larger than 20cm3 wooden cube is to be held by SCP-3040. This cube cannot have writing or any methods of conveying information on it.

Description:  SCP-3040-1 refers to former Agent Sharlene Vangarre, who lost her left hand due to the failed capture of an anomaly in Incident ████-α

SCP-3040 refers to the area where SCP-3040-1's left hand was. SCP-3040 is not visible on the electromagnetic spectrum, nor is it detectable by chemical means. SCP-3040-1 describes it as a  which it senses at all times despite nothing physically being present. It states it has full control over the limb, yet expresses that the limb causes constant discomfort at all times.

SCP-3040's anomalous properties manifest once SCP-3040-1 attempts to grasp an object equal to or smaller than 20cm3 with the missing hand. Upon doing so, the object will vanish entirely, and cannot be recovered unless SCP-3040-1 places the object in the precise location it occupied before, relative to the object's surroundings. No more than one object can be held at a time by SCP-3040. If asked to place a held object elsewhere, SCP-3040-1 will express distress and discomfort, claiming that it cannot release the object. Items that disappear appear in SCP-3040-A.

SCP-3040-A is an extradimensional void of unknown volume only accessible by items  by SCP-3040. GPS devices do not work within SCP-3040-A, but electronic equipment does function within SCP-3040-A if running on an internal power source. SCP-3040-A is usually empty, however some objects have been observed within video footage. No object persists for more than a fraction of a second, and the Foundation has yet to interact with one of the objects within SCP-3040-A. All objects visible within SCP-3040-A were at one point placed within SCP-3040-A. It is theorized that SCP-3040-A is a localized time anomaly that can have no effect on the outside world, excluding the act of taking the object in.

UPDATE: See Addendum 2-A for information on recently observed properties of SCP-3040-A.

Addendum 1-A: 



Interviewed:  SCP-3040-1, Foundation Agent that is the host of SCP-3040

Interviewer:  Doctor May Nathans, medical doctor trained in treating amputees.

Foreword:  This interview was conducted with SCP-3040-1 after her recovery from the incident, and resulted in the discovery of SCP-3040. Doctor Nathans was assigned to SCP-3040-1 due to her training.

 

Dr. Nathans:  Hello Agent Vangarre.

SCP-3040-1:  Hey.

Dr. Nathans:  How're you feeling? Any lingering pains?

SCP-3040-1:  Yeah. Still feels like I have my hand, butI know it's not there.

Dr. Nathans:  I see. So you feel as if you're experiencing a phantom limb, of sorts?

SCP-3040-1:  Yes, doc. It's not there, I can't exactly feel an actual limb.

Dr. Nathans audibly sighs, before speaking again.

Dr. Nathans:  Agent, there is no need to be so sarcastic.

SCP-3040-1:  Sorry. Justkinda strained from literally losing a hand, y'know?

Dr. Nathans:  I understand.

SCP-3040-1:  Anyways, why’re you here? I already had a different doc assigned to me.

Dr. Nathans:  Well, after you reported discomfort stemming from your amputated limb, they referred me to check up on you. Are you sure everything is okay?

SCP-3040-1:  I'm fine, doc, really. Just some PLS, that's all. That's normal-ish, right?

Dr. Nathans:  It is, yes. But I need to make sure. Could you show me your arm, please?

SCP-3040-1 complies, and lifts her left arm. Dr. Nathans examines it for a few seconds, noting the stump of flesh, and nods.

Dr. Nathans:  Everything seems fine visually.

SCP-3040-1:  Told you.

Dr. Nathans:  And it’s just a sort of ache where your hand used to be?

SCP-3040-1:  An ache, and I can still feel the hand, kinda. Like an afterimage I can move. That’s what PLS is like normally, right?

Dr. Nathans:  Some experience that, yes. Though it is curious how you’re experiencing this so soon after losing your hand

SCP-3040-1:  Just my body being a bit weird, doc. Nothing big about it. Don’t worry. I just need to recover and I’ll be a-okay and ready for duty again. That mission was botched from the get-go when Duncan

SCP-3040-1 grumbles inaudibly for a few seconds, before Nathans clears her throat.

Dr. Nathans:  That doesn’t matter. Since you’re experiencing some form of PLS, I’ll be sure to refer you to therapy so you can get back on the job soon.

SCP-3040-1:  If they don’t let me go ‘cause of my missing hand.

Dr. Nathans:  It’s very possible you may retain your position. You are right handed, yes?

SCP-3040-1:  Yeah. I can still shoot with my right hand, and a simple prosthetic could give me supportI just worry, y’know? Especially for Duncan. Even though-

Dr. Nathans:  This meeting isn’t about Agent Banner.

SCP-3040-1 sighs, and nods.

Dr. Nathans:  Now, do you have any questions before I go?

SCP-3040-1:  No, doc. I’m good. Well

Dr. Nathans:  Well what?

SCP-3040-1:  I justwanna try grabbing something. Just to prove to myself my hand isn’t there. Can you hand me that pen?

Dr. Nathans:  If you wish. Here.

Dr. Nathans holds a small, ballpoint pen up, near where SCP-3040-1's hand would have been. A look of concentration crosses her face, before the pen disappears. Both are silent for a few moments, before the pen re-appears and SCP-3040-1 drops her arm.

SCP-3040-1:  Wwhat the hell?

Dr. Nathans:  I need to report this. I'm sorry, Sharlene, but I have to.

Closing Statement:  SCP-3040-1 remained unresponsive until it was transferred to its containment unit. Its phantom limb was then classified as SCP-3040.
附加记录：    

Addendum 1-B: 

+logs

-Granted


Experiment 1 - 4/██/1█ 



Subject:  A ballpoint pen

Procedure:  SCP-3040-1 was instructed to grasp the ballpoint pen with her missing hand.

Results:  The pen vanished from view once the pen was grasped. Chemical, visual, and physical analysis of the region where the pen had been indicated that the pen was not simply invisible, but no longer present. After the pen was placed down, it reappeared in the identical position and state it was in prior to being lifted.

Analysis:   - Dr. Klaus
附加记录：    

Experiment 2 - 4/██/1█ 



Subject:  A ballpoint pen, with a small GPS tracker attached

Procedure:  SCP-3040-1 was instructed to grasp the ballpoint pen with her missing hand.

Results:  Once again, the pen disappeared, leaving no physical or chemical trace. Upon vanishing, the GPS signal immediately winked out. Once SCP-3040-1 released the pen, the GPS signal reappeared.

Analysis:   - Dr. Klaus
附加记录：    

Experiment 7 - 5/██/1█ 



Subject:  A 20cm3 block of wood.

Procedure:  SCP-3040-1 was instructed to grasp each block of wood sequentially.

Results:  All three blocks of wood disappeared.

Analysis:   - Dr. Klaus
附加记录：    

Experiment 8 - 5/██/1█ 



Subject:  A small GoPro camera.

Procedure:  The camera was set to record, and SCP-3040-1 was instructed to grasp the camera for twenty seconds, then to place it down.

Results:  The camera disappeared, much like the previous objects, and appeared once again once SCP-3040-1 released it. The camera was fully functional afterwards. Please see Addendum 1-C for sustained footage.

Analysis:   - Dr. Klaus
附加记录：    

Experiment 13 - 6/██/1█ 



Subject:  A mug of hot coffee.

Procedure:  SCP-3040-1 was instructed to grasp the handle of the mug, and once the object disappeared, was instructed to pour it out before setting it down again.

Results:  The mug, upon return, was still filled with hot coffee. The volume and temperature of the liquid had not changed at all, despite SCP-3040-1 confirming she tried to pour it out.

Analysis:   - Dr. Klaus
附加记录：    




Addentum 1-C: 

+8

-Granted


Note: Due to the loss of the original footage, only the textual documentation written by Dr. Klaus remains.



The recording begins with a short clip of SCP-3040-1. It looks directly at the camera, before reaching out to it with the limb that is host to SCP-3040. After contact with SCP-3040 is made, the video cuts to a seemingly endless and empty white expanse. A quiet hum can be heard through the speakers for the entire duration of the remaining clip.
附加记录：    



After exactly 8.73 seconds, a ballpoint pen identical to the one used in Experiment 1 appears for approximately 0.25 seconds. After 3.61 seconds, a pen identical to the one utilized in Experiment 2 appears. In the last three seconds of the video, the three wooden blocks from Experiment 7 appear sequentially, exactly one second apart. The video cuts abruptly back to SCP-3040-1, which is looking towards Dr. Klaus. The footage ends there.
附加记录：    




Addendum 2-A: 

Further testing within SCP-3040-A revealed multiple temporal anomalies affecting the dimension. These anomalies include the following:

Any electronic recording device within SCP-3040-A will have all files related to SCP-3040-A altered if placed into SCP-3040-A more than once. Alterations to the files only consist of changing all past files to contain all objects recently introduced into the time loop. Importantly, this affects any copies of the files as well, regardless of if they were present on the device at the time of re-introduction or not.


SCP-3040-A exists within a persistent minute-long time loop. Any item inserted within SCP-3040-A will appear within all following loops at the precise moment they appeared, and will persist for 0.25 seconds without fail. No observed objects within SCP-3040-A persist for longer.


Any and all living organisms will enter a form of stasis. Cells will cease to function temporarily but will not die, and all brain activity ceases as well. Organisms display no ill effects due to this stasis. Any electronic device attached to the organism will continue to function and monitor the organism, however.


If an object is placed within SCP-3040-A, removed, altered, then placed back within SCP-3040-A, all electronic information involving the object will change to have the most recent version of the object present. This does not affect data created before 4/██/1█.2


See Addendum 2-B for experiments relating to the discovery of these traits.

Addendum 2-B: 

The following experiments resulted in the discovery of numerous, previously unknown, traits of SCP-3040-A.

Experiment 14 - 6/██/1█ 



Subject:  The same camera utilized in Experiment 8. All files removed and uploaded to the Foundation database beforehand.

Procedure:  SCP-3040-1 was instructed to grasp the camera for twenty seconds, then to place it down.

Results:  The camera disappeared, much like the previous objects, and appeared once again once SCP-3040-1 released it. The camera was fully functional afterwards.
附加记录：    

+Footage

-Granted




The recording begins with a short clip of SCP-3040-1. It looks directly at the camera, before reaching out to it with the limb that is host to SCP-3040. After contact with SCP-3040 is made, the video cuts to a seemingly endless and empty white expanse. A quiet hum can be heard through the speakers for the entire duration of the remaining clip.
附加记录：    



After 8 seconds, a ballpoint pen identical to the one used in Experiment 1 appears for approximately 0.25 seconds. After 3 seconds, a pen identical to the one utilized in Experiment 2 appears. After approximately three seconds, the three wooden blocks from Experiment 7 appear sequentially, exactly one second apart. Then, after exactly 0.5 seconds, the camera utilized in Experiment 83 manifested for 0.25 seconds. The objects utilized in experiments 9-13 also appeared at various time points, until a total of twenty seconds had passed. The video cuts abruptly back to SCP-3040-1, which is glancing off to the side. The footage ends there.
附加记录：    






Analysis:  “Footage from Experiment 14 shows no new anomalies. Comparison with Experiment 8, however, revealed a new trait of SCP-3040-A. All footage regarding Experiment 8 now matches Experiment 14, though it appears to have been shot from a different angle. None of the files show any tampering, and have not been viewed since my original viewing. Further experimentation is required. This is potentially concerning.” – Dr. Klaus
附加记录：    

Experiment 15 - 6/██/1█ 



Subject:  A new GoPro camera of the same make and model used in prior experiments.

Procedure:  SCP-3040-1 was instructed to grasp the camera for three minutes, then to place it down.

Results:  Footage from Experiments 8 and 14 was not overwritten. Camera was undamaged and still fully functional.
附加记录：    

+Footage

-Granted




The recording begins with a short clip of SCP-3040-1 much like prior experiments. It looks directly at the camera, before reaching out to it with the limb that is host to SCP-3040. After contact with SCP-3040 is made, the video cuts to SCP-3040-A. A quiet hum can be heard through the speakers for the entire duration of the remaining clip.
附加记录：    



After 8 seconds, a ballpoint pen identical to the one used in Experiment 1 appears for approximately 0.25 seconds. After 3 seconds, a pen identical to the one utilized in Experiment 2 appears. After approximately three seconds, the three wooden blocks from Experiment 7 appear sequentially, exactly one second apart. Then, after exactly 0.5 seconds, two instances of the camera utilized in Experiment 8 and 14 manifested for 0.25 seconds. Both cameras manifested facing each other, approximately three meters apart. The objects utilized in experiments 9-13 also appeared at various time points. After the mug utilized in Experiment 13 vanished, approximately 20 seconds had passed in the video. 48 seconds passed before the manifestations began, once again stating with the ballpoint pen and ending with the coffee mug utilized in experiment 13. This would repeat once again, before the camera was removed.
附加记录：    






Analysis:  “SCP-3040-A did not cause the data of Experiment 8 and Experiment 14 to change. It is not similar objects that are affected, but the exact same object. Also of note is the length of the observed pattern. All objects persist for the same amount of time, and all objects appear at the same time without fail. This indicates either a time loop, or a constant repetition of patterns. Due to the other temporal traits of SCP-3040-A, I am inclined to believe it is a time loop.” – Dr. Klaus
附加记录：    

Incident 3040-1 - 6/██/1█ 

On 6/██/1█, video footage containing the coffee mug utilized in Experiment 13 appeared to change, despite the files being unedited. This coincides with a separate experiment performed by Dr. Klaus, which utilized the same coffee mug without any fluid in it.



At approximately 12:35 in Site-██ on 5/██/1█, numerous researchers can be seen around a table. An empty coffee mug4 is seen on the table, adjacent to numerous papers. One researcher reaches for the papers, and inadvertently causes the mug to fall on its side. All adjacent papers appear to stain, as if coffee was poured on them, despite no coffee being visible in the mug. Researchers scramble, and act as if coffee had been spilled despite no liquid being visible on the video feed.
附加记录：    



At 13:56 on 5/██/1█, the same mug was seen in the hands of Dr. Klaus. He motions as if he is drinking it, yet no liquid is seen within the mug.
附加记录：    

After this incident, Dr. Klaus asserted that in both situations, the mug had been full of coffee. He claimed that a similar effect had been observed with earlier testing of SCP-3040-A, but it did not affect non-digital objects.



What was once thought to be an isolated dimension now shows that it can literally alter digital history. Memories, physical evidence, and everything else is unaffected. But digital recordings can be completely rewritten, and we may never know. The fact it can rewrite our records without our awareness – without a trace – is enough for me to ask for a reclassification to Euclid, and perhaps seek ways to neutralize it. Primarily for the safety and preservation of our data. SCP-3040-1 must be kept under careful observation. Allowing it to wander the facility now may prove too dangerous unless specific actions are taken to minimize the chances of SCP-3040 altering information on our records.” - Dr. Klaus
附加记录：    

Further testing of SCP-3040-A has been suspended to maintain stability and reliability of digital records. SCP-3040 upgraded to “Euclid”. Any requests for amputation of SCP-3040 are to be rejected until further notice.

Footnotes
1. Such as a coffee mug, ballpoint pen, or any item less than 20cm3.
2. This is the same date that SCP-3040-1 lost its left hand.
3. It is important to note that the camera utilized in Experiment 14 and Experiment 8 were the exact same camera.
4. This mug was confirmed to be the one utilized in Experiment 13.









‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  skippic.png

Name:  Black Coffee Mug

Author:  Leonardo Laporte

License:  Public Domain

Source Link:  Public Domain pictures
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                temporal
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            21 Sep 2020 03:44
            
            Edit
+59)
Tags
Discuss (18)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            indexhibit customisations
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            База данных Backrooms
                      
              Оглядывайтесь почаще...
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            异常管理署
                      
              探明异常 控制威胁
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            מבני נתונים
                      
              סמסטר אא
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

