                        




SCP-3654 being lead to Naval Site-821.



Item #:  SCP-3654

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  Naval Site-821 has been built on Otōto-jima and has been staffed with personnel experienced with repair and restoration of World War 2 Era watercraft. Staff should patrol the waters around the Chichi-Jima group of islands to search for SCP-3654. If SCP-3654 has not been found by the projected date, search teams are to be sent to the other island groups in the Bonin islands.

Once SCP-3654 has been found, it is to be towed or escorted to Naval Site-821, where it will be repaired and refueled. Items found within its cabin should be documented but left undisturbed. Before SCP-3654's projected disappearance, munitions and rations are to be placed on the boat. Personnel who wish to add extra-dimensional sensors to the vessel should speak with the current project supervisor.

Description:  SCP-3654 is a possibly alternate version of the PT-658, a World War 2 era motor torpedo boat. The vessel displays wear consistent with several decades of continuous use. The interior of SCP-3654 has living quarters for eight men, with the remaining bunks turned into additional storage areas. Personal effects within the vessel indicate it is crewed by American soldiers, however the language present on the written documents and signage is in an as of yet undecipherable language. Maps found in the captain's quarters indicate SCP-3654 is or was part of an invasion force planned for mainland Japan.

The primary anomalous trait of the vessel is a cycle of existence and non-existence, each lasting for approximately 29 days. When SCP-3654 disappears, no living organic matter will transport with it. On multiple occasions, it has shown to be capable of autonomous movement without the use of its engines.

SCP-3654 was first discovered in 1978 by a civilian science vessel that was exploring the Bonin Islands. At the time, it was heavily damaged, with two of the three engines out of commission. The vessel was covered in makeshift camouflage that was composed of packed mud and decaying plant matter. An initial analysis of SCP-3654 revealed a significant amount of crushed or broken timepieces and clocks sitting on a pile of partially burnt calendar pages. Chalk markings, possibly counting number of kills, have been noted next to the defensive turrets.

Addendum:  Notable changes to SCP-3654 or the items within it have been recorded and listed below.



Date:  ██-██-1980

Notes:  Bunk #7 was found emptied of personal effects save for a picture of a soldier, several bottles of alcohol, and a small pile of dried tropical flora.
附加记录：    



Date:  ██-██-1980

Notes:  The chalk markings next to the defensive turrets increased dramatically, rising from an average of 6 marks to 27 marks.
附加记录：    



Date:  ██-██-1982

Notes:  A note was found wedged near the vessel's wheel. It contained symbols and pictures that appeared to request munitions and food. The containment procedures were appended to include these materials following a testing period.
附加记录：    



Date:  ██-██-1982

Notes:  Following the implementation of including rations when SCP-3654 disappears, another note was found near the vessel's wheel. The pictures depicted crude drawings of Japanese boats on fire, and the image of a clock.
附加记录：    



Date:  ██-██-1983

Notes:  A sundial, composed of a palm trunk with chalk markings, was found on the deck of SCP-3654
附加记录：    



Date:  ██-██-1983

Notes:  The sundial was found missing, but the markings remained. Investigation of the ship revealed the palm trunk broken into pieces and hidden under Bunk #8.
附加记录：    



Date:  ██-██-1985

Notes:  Multiple crewmen on the ship appeared to have moved their sleeping quarters nearer to the engine. A chalk line was drawn halfway between the bunks and the new sleeping area.
附加记录：    



Date:  ██-██-1991

Notes:  The captain's quarters were found ransacked. A destroyed pocket watch was found in the center of the cabin.
附加记录：    



Date:  ██-██-1991

Notes:  A barrier constructed of palm trunks with metal bars was blocking access to one of the cargo areas. Multiple bullet holes were found in the barrier. Behind several of the cargo containers, a paper calendar was discovered, with a large number of dates randomly crossed off.
附加记录：    



Date:  ██-██-1998

Notes:  Multiple shrines and pyres were discovered in burnt or semi-burnt states throughout SCP-3654.
附加记录：    



Date:  ██-██-2009

Notes:  The interior of the ship became covered in a massive amount of hand drawn clock faces, calendar pages, and symbols from their written language.
附加记录：    



Date:  ██-██-2014

Notes:  SCP-3654 was found in a small cove and appeared to have been intentionally scuttled. A large dark-brown stain, later discovered to be blood, was found in the center of the deck.
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                vehicle
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            25 Jan 2020 00:57
            
            Edit
+53)
Tags
Discuss (5)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Geoffs House Games
                      
              May Good Games Rise Again
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chavez Brain Trust
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Ammon Allreds Online Classroom
                      
              University of Toledo Philosophy Professor
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Another Stage of History
                      
              A Character Creation and Edit Officer Site
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

