                        


Item #:  SCP-114

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-114 is kept in a 10m shaft to prevent staff members from coming into the proximity of SCP-114. The cell is accessible by a staircase restricted to emergency use only. Daily rations are provided to SCP-114 three times a day by means of a dumbwaiter. SCP-114 is also permitted to submit written requests to attending staff by the same means. To date, SCP-114 has been granted one Qur’an (Arabic), one prayer rug, and one blank journal with pens.

Research on SCP-114 is suspended until further notice. Elimination of SCP-114 is acceptable in the event of a multiple containment-breach crisis.

Description:  SCP-114 is a Pashtun woman of Afghani origin, approximately 40 years old and 160cm tall. SCP-114 has the involuntary effect of fostering and escalating violent conflict between all individuals in her proximity. Subjects within ten to fifteen meters of SCP-114 become inconsolably aggressive at trivialities or points of little consequence, often to the degree of projecting hostile motives on others. Arguments generally arise between individuals after one to three minutes of exposure to SCP-114. The resulting arguments turn to violence in all cases.

Notably, persons affected by the presence of SCP-114 will never exhibit hostility towards SCP-114 or attempt to inflict harm upon her. Subjects ordered to deliberately injure SCP-114 find themselves unable to do so. For relevant information, see Experiment Log 114-A.

Communication with SCP-114 has only been possible through written notes or electronic means. Researchers have gleaned that SCP-114 is unaware of her effect on other people. She shows little to no response to exposure to violence, and seems to be under the impression that human beings are naturally aggressively hostile to each other.

SCP-114 is consistently unresponsive and uncooperative with researchers, and appears to be acutely wary of human interaction. Due to the difficulty of communication with SCP-114, psychological evaluations have been speculative at best. Rudimentary assessments strongly suggest psychological trauma – combat stress reaction and/or compassion fatigue have been tentatively proposed.

Document 114-a-898-12: 

Abridged eyewitness report from ████████ ██████████, a former soldier in the 40th Red Army, interviewed March 23, 1991. Translated and transcribed by █████████ ██████.



“…We took ████ on February the first, 1980. It was a shit little village, but the Mujahideen put up a damn good fight. Eight of our men killed, fifteen wounded. One tank destroyed. It was dead cold, too. You think the Middle East is warm, but you go to the mountains in February, it is not so. Anyway, we were mopping up the area, going through the huts, looking for weapons caches and the like. It seemed like every doorstep had some old babushka weeping and tearing at her hair and clutching our knees. But at the end of the street was this one big hut, no babushka outside. Only there were trays of food left out, like an offering before the door. (████████ pauses for several seconds) So six of us go in to search. It was big and empty inside, dusty, and practically bare. Didn’t look like anyone had been in there in a long time. But soon, we hear this soft whimpering, though, and look! – over in the corner there’s a little girl, must be eight or nine, curled up and all alone. Piotyr… he was a big softie… he goes over, he bends down, puts out his hands, says – ‘Come on, little one, it is okay, we won’t hurt you.’ But the girl won’t budge. Then Piotyr stands up, all stiffly, and looks back at us funny. Konstantin walks over and puts a hand on his shoulder, tells him to leave the girl alone, laughing good naturedly. Piotyr gets all red-faced, like he’s had a full bottle, and shouts ‘Get your damn hand off my shoulder!’ or something of the sort. He looks like a wild animal. We are all in surprise. And suddenly they are on the ground, and he’s bashing Konstantin’s face in with the butt of his rifle, screaming. It took three of us to pull him off, and by then Konstantin was dead….”
附加记录：    







                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                sentient
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            06 Jun 2017 09:45
            
            Edit
+126)
Tags
Discuss (33)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fire Emblem d20
                      
              A tabletop version of the RPG/Strategy game!
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Summer 3500
                      
              Engineering Communications
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Pokemon Snagem
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Academic Writing
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

