                        


Item #:  SCP-SPC

Outrage Class:  Appleyawn1

Steps for Crisis Prevention:  I am literally shaking right now. I cannot stress this enough: moving forward, if anything nice2  happens to the soulless monsters who run SCP-SPC, I'm going to have a stroke. I mean it. I'll have a stroke, I'll die, that's it. Boom. Nervous breakdown, stroke, dead. So unless you actively want me to be murdered by how horrible it is, you need to do something about SCP-SPC right now.

Yeah, well, you know what ELSE is manipulative, Linda?! This apparent fixation you have with me getting a stroke! Maybe I should just put it on blast, huh? Ahem: LINDA MASTERSON GETS A BIZARRE SEXUAL RUSH FROM SEEING HER NEIGHBORS NOT GET ANY OXYGEN IN THEIR BRAIN BECAUSE OF HOW MISERABLE THEY ARE!  Oh, no, don't give me that look, it's clearly something you take pride in.

 box?? I guess?? Whatever, I'm done.

Description:  SCP-SPC is supposedly this organization called the  that I heard about the other day. Anyone with one-and-a-half brain cells to rub together can make out its true intentions. But, since a certain Mrs. Masterson is with us, I see that we'll have to make a more thorough guide for the easily-deceived:

3 song = things children like = Children. 

 = that Japanimation or whatever cartoon my horrid little nephew Craighden likes = scantily-clad cartoon women = S-E-X = Human Trafficking. 

 = highest central authority = government secrets = vaccines = Bill Gates = Tom Hanks = Deep State. 

If you're reading this, and you haven't dropped whatever you're doing to fight the Deep State , then you're a sick individual and 4 I want nothing to do with you.

Here, I have a list of the harm SCP-SPC has caused - in plain sight, no less - from my gardener who says he's on a first-name basis with Q. Bear in mind the coded language - if you went to my seminar, you'll know. I'm not going over it again just for you.

Especially noteworthy is SPC-169-J - they ADMIT that they're attempting to seduce a 4,000-kilometer-long sea monster baby. Not even the laws of physics will stop these hopelessly sick-minded individuals from getting their perverted gratification.



INTERVENTION LOG 

Potential Victim:  SPC-169-J

Date:  9/2/2020

Location:  NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS, South Atlantic Ocean

Provided tools:  3 megaphones, 1 capsule of Holistic Sea Monster Protection Medicine (Special thanks to the Dah-do corporation!5), HMS Potluck-at-Sea (Special thanks to Edgebrook Yacht Club!)



.

Maureen W.:  You sure this is the place?

Kevin M.:  Of course I am.

Hilda N.:  Because if the victim's not under us right now I'm gonna be so. Fucking. Angry.

Maureen W.:  Hilda! Language!

Hilda N.:  (single shriek that lasts 34 seconds, followed by incoherent sobbing)

Maureen W.:  Good point. I apologize.

(Low, rumbling sound from under the waves)

Kevin M.:  Goddamn it, Linda, you wanna argue now?! Of all times?

Maureen W.:  Pretty sure we threw Linda overboard at

Kevin M.:  Sure, by all means, correct the shit out of me.

(Low, rumbling sound, again)

Kevin M.:  LINDA I SWEAR TO

Hilda N.:  It's the victim!

Maureen W.:  Okay, all right, this is happening, uh places, people!

(Maureen continues through a megaphone)

Maureen W.:  Hey, SPC-169-J? Can you hear me, Kayleigh?

Hilda N.:  That's not her name.

Maureen W.:  Kayleigh, I'm so sorry that people are lying about your name.

Kevin M.:  Focus, Reen.

Hilda N:  It's Skye. We agreed to call her Skye.

Maureen W.:  Kayleigh, baby, listen: we're here to protect you from Bill Gates. You may not know who he is, but he's a very mean deep state person here to  you, which means not actually punch you. But we're not gonna let him hurt you. Hilda, give her the medicine!

Hilda N.:  Here you go, Skye.

(Hilda drops the holistic protection capsule into the ocean. Ten seconds later, a two-meter-long wooden rod is thrown onto the boat from the water level by a mysterious force.)

Kevin M.:  Stick! Call the police!

(Maureen picks up the rod, reading an inscription on the side: )

Hilda N:  PUT IT DOWN! THAT'S HOW THEY GET YOU!

Maureen W.:  Not a chance, Hilda! Not when we're so close!

(She strikes the rod against the guardrail. An otherworldly clanging sound resonates through the hollow rod, striking an unseen psychic chord with all the creatures of the deep, and for a merciful few seconds, the oceans are silent, as if to solemnly acknowledge what inevitably is to come)

Kevin M.:  Do that again and I'm telling the Yacht Club you're trying to sabotage the paint job.

:  These the wankers you was talkin' 'bout, Linda darlin'? 

Hilda N.:  Explosive diarrhea!

:  Get fucked, Yanks. 

(Catastrophic marine seismic event, recording equipment is destroyed)


附加记录：    

Footnotes
1. My darling niece Emma came up with this outrage class! It means  Which I think is a pretty good descriptor, considering. Isn't Emma just the smartest? So talented, unlike soME PEOPLE 
2. Heretofore to be understood as: AN! Y! THING! NICE!!
3. doot-doo doo-doo-doo
4. Edit:  As chairwoman of the Edgebrook HOA, I am legally obligated to clarify the previous statement with the following: ohmy go sh I dont know what i was dooign?? what caem ov err mee when iiiif ashdghdsg WWROTE THIIS?ss??? I wafhas I'm sorr eeee plaeess dont4 hATE MEEAAGHHGHH SHUDDUPLINDA
5. you are welcome but dado stil not think this is being good idea but good luck any way (and it is spell dado)


                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                shark-punching-center
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Sep 2020 03:51
            
            Edit
+35)
Tags
Discuss (6)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Where are the Joneses Wiki.
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Sandbox Wędrowca
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Eitrigg Crafters
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Nirn
                      
              The Nirn Project
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

