                        



Item:  SCP-004-J

Object Class:  Euclid Thaumiel

Special Containment Procedures:  The entity is currently housed in the Site-08 North Wing, Accounts Payable office, from Monday to Friday between the hours of 0800 to 1700 hours local, with 1 hour from 1200 to 1300 hours local spent in the North cafeteria, or traversing from there back to his desk. The entity may occasionally need to use the restroom, take breaks by walking the North Wing corridor, or receive water from the water fountain. In the long-term, the entity can be contained by biannual performance reviews indicating that we are pleased but think the entity is capable of more, and annual raises equivalent to rate of inflation, plus four percentage points. The entity may also be enticed to remain in containment by pointing out the low cost of living, easy commute and quality public parks.

Description:  SCP-004-J is Stanley Nichols, a Certified Public Accountant (CPA) (Univ. of Michigan, 1978) and former Chief Financial Officer for [REDACTED], currently employed by the Foundation. SCP-004-J is roughly 180cm tall and weighs roughly 75kg, Caucasian, with thinning brown hair and brown eyes. The entity has been in Foundation containment since July 1991, ostensibly in reply to a job posting. The anomalous properties of the entity manifested after the job was awarded, during mandatory psych and low-level amnestic administration. The staffer assigned to the task flatly refused to administer amnestics to the entity, claiming that SCP-004-J was  After a brief convention by the hiring department, the Compulsion and Cognitohazard Unit, and Site-04's subject matter expert on hazardous humanoids, the agreement was made to contain SCP-004-J under the premise of hiring them for the desired position in accounts payable.

SCP-004-J appears to be a very capable accountant and has made commendable efforts in both lowering our annual capital expenditures budget while streamlining our vendor and purchase process for operating expenditures. Furthermore, their holistic approach to purchasing and leveraging the growing internationalization of the supply chain has caused a sea change in our view of the synergistic possibilities to creating a budget-concious deliverable, leading to a paradigm-shift of crowd-sourced

It appears the entity was in my vicinity briefly. To summarize, SCP-004-J has a distinct cognitohazardous field that will interfere with thought processes, overriding thought patterns with new ones that encourage growing a business through a set of jargon commonly used by C-level executives () while also impairing the ability to think critically. CT scans of foundation employees in the field of SCP-004-J show a lowered neuron excitement state in the occipital cortex and the hippocampus. SCP-004-J was classed as Euclid in August of 1991.

SCP-004-J was reclassed as Thaumiel in October of 1992 following a near-total containment breach in August of 1992 caused by structural damage suffered during Hurricane Andrew at Site-██, during which SCP-004-J was exposed to SCP-106, which is classed Keter and invariably hostile to human life. Rather than panic or hide, SCP-004-J began discussing the importance of residual income and annuities when structuring a quarterly budget. SCP-106 appeared rapt with attention, materialized a business card and agreed to join SCP-004-J for a  at his soonest convenience. Further testing has shown that the cognitohazard surrounding SCP-004-J affects not only humanoids, but every sentient lifeform that has been exposed.

In furtherance of a hypothesis posed by Drs. McGinley and White, SCP-004-J was stationed outside the containment cell of SCP-682, at a safe distance but close enough to have the notorious creature in its cognitohazardous field. Audio follows:

Audio004-J-E-682-001

Transcribing...


SCP-682:  Kill

Dr. White:  SCP-682, could you repeat that?

SCP-682:  Killing line.

Dr. White:  I'm sorry?

SCP-682:  Amortization sucker bet.

Dr. White:  SCP-682, do you own property here?

SCP-682:  Synergize assets flagship product.

(Note from Researcher: At this point, three common white mice are introduced into SCP-682's containment cell. SCP-682 normally devours prey on sight.)

SCP-682:  Ahhh in our core competencies.

(SCP-682 then dismembers and eats two of the three mice.)

SCP-682:  I hope they find suitable.

Audio Ends




                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                thaumiel
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            24 May 2018 21:15
            
            Edit
+309)
Tags
Discuss (33)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Fifth Sanctum School for The Supernatural
                      
              fun and friendship in a semi-serious roleplay about teens in a school for supernatural
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Blank Template
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Uniofbeds
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Iatkos
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

