                        




SCP-2604 prior to containment.



Item #:  SCP-2604

Object Class:  Safe

Special Containment Procedures:  SCP-2604 is stored in containment cell 92 at Site 39.

+Procedure

-Encrypt




Safe exposure to SCP-2604 has been determined as less than 60 minutes total lifetime exposure. All observation outside of approved testing is to be conducted remotely. The cell is furnished with appropriate sanitary and culinary equipment for prolonged exposure without direct intervention from Foundation personnel.
附加记录：    




Following Incident 2604 Alpha, all observation is to be conducted remotely. Under no circumstances are any Foundation personnel to come into direct visual contact with SCP-2604. Two armed guards are stationed to prevent exposure twenty-four hours a day. SCP-2604 is not to be moved from containment cell 92 under any circumstances. Any instances of SCP-2604-1 captured displaying late-stage symptoms are to be isolated immediately, and guarded by personnel with no prior exposure to SCP-2604.

Authorisation for testing rescinded as of Incident 2604-Alpha - O5-█

Description:  SCP-2604 is a fence constructed from pine wood and iron nails. Interviews with witnesses and personnel that have come into contact with SCP-2604 have revealed that none of them are able to identify SCP-2604 as being a fence.

Direct visual contact with SCP-2604 causes a progressive cognitive dysfunction whereby affected subjects (hereafter referred to as SCP-2604-1) are incapable of recognising or responding to artificial barriers, markers, or pathways. The effect only progresses when subjects are in visual contact of SCP-2604; breaking this contact will arrest the progression. Amnestics have been shown to have little use, with test subjects reporting that they are unable to recall their observation of SCP-2604 but remain affected by the accompanying anomalous properties.

After three hours of exposure, SCP-2604-1 are incapable of recalling the purpose or usage of signs or barriers that do not physically prevent movement. After twelve hours, SCP-2604-1 are incapable of recognising that a barrier to movement exists as such, failing to identify any barrier, marking, or direction that would prevent movement, even to the detriment of safety.

In ██% of cases SCP-2604-1 will undergo a type-delta psychological restructuring (DPR) event following not less than 72 hours post exposure to SCP-2604. All cognitive dysfunction ceases, and SCP-2604-1 exhibit individuated responses to their exposure to SCP-2604. Common forms observed are:

The ineffectiveness of containment as a principle (observed exclusively among Foundation personnel)
Loss of personal inhibition
Exhibition of markedly increased symptoms of pre-existing psychological disorders
Significantly increased risk-taking or inability to manage risk


Individuals observed to have experienced a DPR event also exhibit the ability to hasten onset in SCP-2604-1, notably including instances with little or no prior exposure.

ACCESS RESTRICTED TO LEVEL 4 CLEARANCE 

+Credentials

-Encrypt


Incident 2604 Alpha 

Following eight weeks of testing and containment, sixty-three Foundation personnel had experienced some degree of exposure to SCP-2604. Late-stage infection was present in fifteen individuals  all D-class, exposed as a result of routine testing. At 17:48 on ██/██/20██, D-178541 experienced the first recorded DPR event, and rapidly incited several nearby SCP-2604-1 to undergo the same. Security personnel ████████ and ████ were forced to undergo DPR events, before assisting D-178541 with breaching security at the F-wing barracks.

Over the course of the next three hours, approximately thirty-nine Foundation personnel experienced DPR events, a further seven had been terminated in attempts to resist. Containment was deliberately breached on █ SCP objects, and attempts were made to abscond with these objects. Remote observation of SCP-2604-1 indicated that they were collectively convinced of the ineffectiveness of containment on these objects, and were attempting to remove them from the site for unknown reasons.

Over the next 48 hours, Foundation security successfully reclaimed all but █ SCP objects, and all instances of SCP-2604-1 still on site were terminated. To date, █ SCP objects and ██ former Foundation personnel are unaccounted for. Containment procedures were appropriately revised following this incident.











‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  Not a Fence.jpg

Author:  Marcuse

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  SCP Wiki
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                wooden
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            25 Aug 2020 05:19
            
            Edit
+74)
Tags
Discuss (16)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            The Fairfield Project
                      
              The Delta Green wiki
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Cuil Theory
                      
              A Mathematical unit of Surrealism.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            CUA SLIS Comps Study Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            BitCoin
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

