                        




SCP-201 at recovery



Item #:  SCP-201

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  No personnel are to come within forty meters of SCP-201 at any time. Any and all work done with SCP-201 is to be performed via remotely controlled drone. Any personnel entering the containment area must be accompanied by two members of security. All personnel in containment area must wear a restraint harness with safety rope attached to the wall. Rope will allow access to within three meters of the minimum safe area. Exceeding this distance will result in physical removal from containment area and formal discipline.

Those affected by SCP-201 are to have time and date of exposure, disappearance, and return, along with any and all personal information, recorded in Log ███████. Subjects who reappear are to be recovered as soon as possible by Agents and debriefed immediately.

Description:  SCP-201 appears to be a very old piece of medical equipment, superficially resembling an IV stand, but with many other glass and metal items attached to it. SCP-201 stands 1.8kg (80 lbs). The metal portions are made of steel and brass, and various parts are connected with rubber tubing. The two “IV bags” are porcelain and are open at the top. SCP-201 was recovered in ████████████████ Hospital, in a long-unused storage area. No record of SCP-201 appears anywhere in hospital records.

Entering within thirty meters of SCP-201 can result in the subject being displaced into an alternate reality. This effect is apparently random, with some subjects remaining totally unaffected after exposure to SCP-201. Those affected will cease to exist in our reality between one and forty-eight hours after initial exposure. Durations of displacement vary between a few hours and upwards of eight years. Time spent in this alternate reality can vary greatly from actual time elapsed in our reality.

This alternate world appears identical to our own, with these exceptions:

It is apparently in a state of constant twilight, with no sun or moon visible at any time.
Large banks of very dense grey fog travel very low to the ground. These fog banks are unaffected by wind, and can make exposed skin feel very sticky and dirty.
There is no plant or animal life anywhere. All places of human habitation, including major cities, appear as if all life suddenly vanished in the same instant.
Most, if not all, electrical systems appear to be broken or without power.
The air will randomly take on a grey-brown tint, accompanied by strong wind.


Subjects displaced to this “alternate world” report initial surprise and curiosity, which are shortly replaced with very strong feelings of loneliness and fear. The severity varies widely with individual subjects and with time of displacement. Upon the end of displacement, subject will re-integrate from this “alternate world” to our own, which can cause a great deal of shock, especially in urban settings. Most subjects who remain displaced for more than three months suffer lasting psychological damage consistent with being sequestered within solitary confinement.

SubmitCredentials

Credentialsaccepted


In addition, reports of intermittent, fragmentary broadcasts have been returned by subjects attempting to repair power to media devices such as televisions and radios. It is unclear if these are real or the product of the degraded mental states of those remaining long enough to complete said projects, but reports consistently resemble automated messages prepared by the Foundation in contingency for XK-Class Scenarios. Testing will commence if viable samples can be recovered.











‡Citation

‡Citation


Cite this page as:






CC-BY-SA.
附加记录：    

    
    
    
    

For more information, see Licensing Guide.

Licensing Disclosures 




Filename:  005.jpg

Author:  Skorj

License:  CC BY-SA 3.0

Source Link:  Link
附加记录：    



For more information about on-wiki content, visit the Licensing Master List.





                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                tool
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            26 Sep 2020 03:27
            
            Edit
+317)
Tags
Discuss (56)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            RoaringApps - App compatibility and feature support for OS X  iOS
                      
              Application compatibility  iOS
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Chimiex Bicaz
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Mágia Mesterei Wiki
                      
              Segítség az online játékhoz
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            UBMedicineFAQ
                      
              
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

