                        




Photo taken shortly before SCP-1108's dissipation



Item #:  SCP-1108

Object Class:  Euclid

Special Containment Procedures:  The first recorded appearance of this phenomenon is dated 19██, filed in Foundation records as an Extranormal Event. However, at least ten repeat-occurrences have since been verified, precipitating numbered status and close observation.

Data recorded by surveilled meteorological centers will be transmitted to Research Sector-09 and should be consistently monitored for similarities to past data. Early signs of a recurrence of SCP-1108 must be promptly identified.1

Description:  SCP-1108 is a meteorological phenomenon which has only been observed along the southeast coast of the United States, recurring most frequently along the east coast of Florida. Most observers at ground-level experience SCP-1108 as a heavy fog, with no evident anomalous properties.

However, from an elevation above or approaching 450m the formation reveals a distinct shape. Based on aerial photographs and the surrounding ecosystem, this shape is best described as resembling Alligator mississippiensis, the American alligator.

In ideal conditions, the anomaly appears in enough detail for eyelids, teeth and individual scutes to be clearly identified. Aerial and even peripheral observation indicates that the vaporous mass even moves its , albeit slowly, mimicking the reptile's distinctive gait.

SCP-1108 most frequently appears a few hours before dawn, often emerging from an existing cloud-bank at a dew point and temperature consistent with fog formation. This km length, always toward the bordering Atlantic. The form appears to gradually dissipate into the atmosphere.

The effects on the local ecosystem do not become apparent until after the formation's departure. These apparent influences have so far included an irregular rise in fresh water levels and an abnormal displacement of local wildlife.

Specifically, in areas directly overshadowed by SCP-1108's passage, adult Alligator mississippiensis have been found congregating in the dozens. The infestations occur far from areas highly populated by the native reptile, which appear in greatest numbers on private property and suburban developments, favoring swimming pools.

The lack of data from prior occurrences makes it difficult to predict whether the size, range, and extent of the phenomenon's influence have remained stable, or increased over time. Recorded appearances so far follow a regular interval, occurring up to three times every two years; always preceding the  of June-September. (see Addenda)

+Excerpt1108-16

-close1108-16




Notable events which took place within 24 hours of SCP-1108's appearance over the 2185.2 square meters of residential space in P████ B████ County:

37 reports of juvenile and adult American alligators on private property.
Woman reports adult male alligator inside of her kitchen; local media reported specimen's length as 4.3m.
6 reports of alligators attempting to enter homes; while behavior not unprecedented, number of instances highly abnormal.
Three non-fatal attacks of alligators on humans, one resulting in significant injury.
One fatal attack of juvenile male alligator against adolescent.
18 reports of missing pets.


The Florida Water Management District recorded an average of 16.5cm rise in drainage canal levels, despite the lack of precipitation. As the majority of the southern portion of the state is kept above waterline by an extensive network of such drainage canals, any significant rise in freshwater levels could cause significant damage to populated areas.



Local wildlife control had sufficient manpower to prevent undue fatalities; however, it is unlikely that state budget or resources could adequately contain repeat occurrences. It is unknown at this time whether the intrusion of Alligator mississippiensis was a displacement of existing creatures, or indicative of a significant population increase.



Necessary information-control protocols were enacted without incident.
附加记录：    



~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Addendum 7/1/██  As of 6/21/██, SCP-1108 has made two consecutive appearances. Only the second was accompanied by an influx of Alligator mississippiensis; however, the rise in water levels mandated flood-evacuation in two counties. The extent of possible infestation of Alligator mississippiensis in flooded areas cannot be determined, at this time.

Addendum 7/9/██:  During the most recent occurrence, field researchers reported a previously unrecorded phenomenon, which were sustained over several hours.

Radiometric measurements taken during the course of these observations do not indicate temperature changes conducive to creating lightning. However, the subsequent recordings do bear a striking resemblance to the male alligator's bellow.



Footnotes
1. Containment proposals should be submitted to Dr. Dhara for review.








                    

                                    





            
    

                    



                    
                        
                            
                                uncontained
                            
                        
                    

                    
                    
                        
                            19 Feb 2020 14:32
            
            Edit
+166)
Tags
Discuss (40)
History
Files
Print
Site tools
+Options 


    Edit Sections
    Append
    Edit Meta
    Watchers 
    Backlinks 
    Page Source 
    Parent 
    Lock Page    
    Rename 
    Delete 




                        
                    
                    
                
            
            
            
            
            
                
    Help
    |
    Terms of Service
    |
    Privacy
    |
    Report a bug
    |
    Flag as objectionable

Powered by Wikidot.com 
            
            
                
                    Unless otherwise stated, the content of this page is licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License
                
            
            
            



            
            
            
            
            
                
  
     
  Other interesting sites
  
  
              
          
            
              
            
            Scala Geography Wiki
                      
              
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            Epitome City
                      
              Hero or Villain? You decide.
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP Vakfı Sandbox
                      
              Atış poligonu
            
          
        
              
          
            
              
            
            SCP財団
                      
              確保、収容、保護
            
          
        
        
  

            
        
        
    










    
    

    
    
    
        
    





    
        Click here to edit contents of this page.    


    
        Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible).         Watch headings for an  link when available.    
    
        Append content without editing the whole page source.    
    
        Check out how this page has evolved in the past.    
    
        If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it.    
    
        View and manage file attachments for this page.    
    
        A few useful tools to manage this Site.    
    
        See pages that link to and include this page.    
    
        Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page.    
    
        View wiki source for this page without editing.    
      
        View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).    
            
            Notify administrators if there is objectionable content in this page.        
        
            Something does not work as expected? Find out what you can do.        
        
            General Wikidot.com documentation and help section.        
        
            Wikidot.com Terms of Service - what you can, what you should not etc.        
        
            Wikidot.com Privacy Policy.          
        
    

